Teamwork is one of the most important skills in our society. Already at primary school, children are trained to discuss different topics in a group and to play together in teams.  At universities, the new teaching form are tutorials These are small groups of students that have to elaborate solutions to different problems in cooperatin.
But why is it so essential today to be able to communicate  and thus cooperate with others?
An important reason is probably the easy access to information. Whereas in  former times, a priest could at the same time be a doctor, nowadays the amount of information makes it almost impossible to be good at several topics. Therefore specialisation has become more and more common. Take an example from the hospital: Whereas in the past, you went to the hospital in order to see a doctor, nowadays,  you will have to choose a deprtment, eg. Internal Medicine. But even there you will have to decide: Would you like to consult an expert in Cardiology, or maybe Oncology?
This makes clear, why cooperation is so important today. An expert of the Cardiology department will have to discuss the problem with other specialists. And he will not do that , because he is a bad doctor, but because the flood of knowledge can only be handled by several persons and thus by cooperation.
Another important reason for the need of communication nowadays is respect. There were times when people did not well cooperate, but even worked against each other. This often resulted in disappointments, on political levels even in wars. Since the last world war, at least some countries have realized how important it is to cooperate, and even founded organizations like the UNO. Such organizations can be very powerful instruments. So, for example, the WHO eradicated Polio desease worldwide. However they only work through cooperation.
Therefore I strongly agree with the statement that cooperation is very important. Probably it would have been useful for past generations. However, for us it is absolutely necessary.