In order to know if cooperation is more important in today's world, one must first understand why do humans cooperate.

Imagine a world inhabited only by a lonely Robinson Crusoe. He would be alone so no cooperation would be either possible or needed. But, he would need to do a lot of specialized tasks all by himself. Hunting, fishing, even constructing simple wood houses are tasks hard to master. Because he has to do everything by himself, he would be only mediocre at that and not very efficient.

Now, these tasks are fairly independent from each other. If, for instance, Robinson is joined by someone else - lets call him Friday - then they would be able to split tasks. One would specialize in tasks requiring coordination, such as hunting fish, while the other would fit better at tasks that required strength, such as carrying water. Now, this tasks are highly independent, so Robinson does not need Friday's feedback when hunting, nor Friday's when carrying water. This situation is exactly how life was in the past. From the worker at Ford's first factory, to the farmer at a lettuce farm, they could all do their jobs without worrying much about the others.

Even professional workers, such as an accountant or a doctor, could do their job without worrying about the accounting practices at other country or the latest issue of "The Journal of Psychiatry". But, as tasks get more complex, and humans start living in an even more global scale, cooperation starts to matter.

Imagine an accountant in today's world. Working for a multinational company, he needs to know how the accounting standards differ for each country. The information required to do that is out of reach for anyone, but a team of individuals asking each other complex questions can reach a solution quickly by using each other's strengths.

Or, for instance, imagine how are operating systems designed. In the past, a single programmer was able to write an entire operating system. Bill Gates wrote DOS 1.0 almost by himself. UNIX was developed by three computer scientists at AT&T. At that time, computer science was starting, so a lot could be accomplished by individuals working "by themselves". Today, the last version of Windows was made by more than a thousand engineers working together for six years. Alternative systems such as Linux are composed of hundred of millions lines of code (around 150 million lines as of Juanuary 2007). All these computer code needs to be tightly integrated in order to avoid any failure. Programmer #745 needs to know what programmer #104 is doing at the other side of the building. So they need to cooperate. It is no longer an option, but the only way to keep improving the products and expanding business. They use  tools where they can all talk to each other, either via email, instant messaging, or an internet website.

And is the internet where we can attest the accomplishments of cooperation. Wikipedia.org, an online encyclopedia made by volunteers, now contains more than a million of (mostly) high quality articles. This could not have been possible via traditional means such as "The Encyclopedia Britannica". No single person of group has the capability of creating such a huge repository of information. However, working together on a global scale, humanity is able to achieve goals not even dreamed ten years ago. Cooperation, again, is key for work