I strongly agree with the statement that it's important for people to cooperate well with each other in today's world, but what I don't agree is it's not more important in today, cooperation is equally important no matter in what time period.

First of all, maybe there's people saying that people don't really need to cooperate with others since the technology developes really fast, you can do everthing you want with the help of machines. But in my opinion, even if the technology is great enough for an individual to do something independently most time, but at least in some tasks,  you have to have others helping you. Things are not always as easy as washing dishes. And more of that is if we want to develope more on technology, you have to study with others. Only one man's ability is now not enough to creat better products than people have already created. So if you want to use techneque which can allow you to do everything just by yourself, you have to creat it with others. That's the importance of cooperation with others in technology.

Secondly, human are animals living in groups. We have to confirm this statement that you cannot live without others. I think that most people know about the child living with animals been found when they were about ten, they were living on their own, at least without other human, but few of them survived after they were found. The ancient people cooperate with each other and creat the world we are living today. So without cooperation, it won't develope more. There's an old Chinese saying like "If there's more people collecting the woods, the fire they will make is lighter." So that I believe only if we cooperate well, we will creat a better society than what we have now.

Thirdly, we were talking about the importances of friends. I can hardly imagine what life will be like if I don't have any friends. And friendship is a kind of cooperation. So think about what if you don't have friend at all, you will understand why cooperation is important. It's not only the help on technology, also the help on everyone's emotion.

The last point is, people might think I'm talking about the improtance of cooperation, but actually, the improtance of cooperation is based on the importance of the ability of it. If one does not know how to cooperate, even if he knows how important cooperation is, he might not cooperate with his partners well. People of today's world have to have variety kinds of abilities, cooperate is one of these abilities.