The ability to cooperate well with others has always been an distinguished characteristic of human behavior, and a garantee to social welfare. Yet the need for cooperation has not always been as crucial as in today's world.

First, in the past century, a overwhelming majority of jobs were provided by factories: the rationalization of work formulated by Taylor and the pursuit of work efficiency put multiple workers along a conveyor belt, doing separate tasks. Each task, although different, would complete each other until full completion of the product. Nowadays, the structure of employment is a lot different. Initiated after the second world war, the boom in the service industry has shifted more indutrial jobs into less tangible tasks, which require management. And isn't management the science of putting people together for better cooperation?

Second, the accelerated effect of globalization since the fifties has accentuated the need for cooperation. Large corporations like Coca-Cola or General Motors have set up headquarters in every country of the world, each country having their own culture, often their own language. Firms must factor in these differences for better efficiency and increased profit, hence the need for improved cooperation again.

Last, the increased access to knowledge via different medias has provided an unprecedented need for better communication. Clearly, the unbelievable succes of Internet over the last decade has made possible the exchange of information between different corners of the planet, who were sometimes isolated before: a video or any news can be uploaded on the internet and viewed by countless users of the World Wide Web. But if these raw informations come in easy, their analysis and understanding may not be that simple. A sharp communication and improved cooperation is the key to the development of news. Let's take a recent exemple with the isolated information that Brazil is allocating the entire national production of cane sugar to the production of ethanol. This information would be read on every screen that is connected to a Bloomberg terminal, yet its impact can be understood only with the datas of world sugar production, and the price of sugar as a commodity at the New York Mercantile Exchange. Better cooperation among traders allow a faster analysis of the events.



 