In today's human being society, the value of cooperation has been weighed manifestly more than it was ever before. Despite its own merits, cooperation is required both by the changing environment and the developing technology. With all aspects carefully considered,  i would agree that the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past.

First and for most, the change of human beings' life style promotes the importance of cooperation. Ere long, a family can live in an isolated or partly isolated life by planting their own food and make their own clothes. On the contrary, it is definatly unrealistic in today's morden life society, this is to say an ability to cooperate is essential for the living purpose. The needs to exchange food, clothes, knowledge etc all require cooperation. A person can not live well without cooperation skills, which is the foundermental requirement of the modern environment.

In addition, the continuous developing technology, provides an overwhelming amount of information in each and every occupation. In the past, a job may be done properly by an individual easily. However, today, there is totally a different story. Imagine how much work you  will have with the simple job of doing a 1000 people research, the complicated analysis programs, the time take for interview, the satistics disccussion and the overall report. Is that a pieces of cake?

The last point is today's society value teamwork much more than before. We are doing so because we are teaching so. In today's universities, colloges, high schools even primary schools, students are taught to cooperate with others well. A good team work ability is  actually an basic goal of today's education.

Moreover, cooperation itself provides lots of benefits to a person. It can broaden him/her eyeview, make him/her thoughtfull and reduce the stress. 

Nowadays, cooperation is the vital ability required and learned by all kinds of people as it plays a more important  role than any period in the past.