In his book, 'The World is Flat', Thomas Friedman states that there are no more frontiers between all countries and that we all target the same objectives and ideals. I strongly agree with him and I think that cooperation has become a necessity in today's world. I will try to explain how a simple fact leads to an opportunity and then to a global cooperation trend.

It may sound obvious to assert that one cannot be a specialist in every field... For example, if I create a company I will probably not be as skilled in developing the idea as in finding customers, controlling, and hiring employees ! I would better find a skilled Financial Director while I handle the Marketing and Business Development parts.

This simple assumption can lead to an opportunity. This is what team working is all about : leveraging the strength of the group in order to produce the better of it. This cooperation is far more important now than before because of an easier access to everything and to everywhere. One or two centuries ago, you may not have found a Marketing expert and a Financial expert in the same village as yours. In other words, competition was very local, and you may not find someone whose skills were higher than yours close to you.

This trend is increasing nowadays because of the flattening wolrd described by Thomas Friedman. While you might not find the most relevant employee to do part of your job better than you did a few decades or centuries ago, it is the contrary now. Making a consulting assignment for a client in Paris, you may cooperate with an Chinese team which may handle all of the administrative and controlling aspects of your assignment, and an Indian team that may prepare your research and your slides overnight ! All the more so as these foreign teams may be constituted of highly educated and low paid employees that will help you increase your assignment's margin ! Cooperating with them, you can concentrate on high value added tasks such as finding other clients !

In the past, you did not have to rely on others' skills to succeed  because the others may not bring more value-added than you had... because the others were fewer. But today, the others are the entire world ! Thus if you are not able to cooperate properly with them, they will always be better than you in some of the areas you are covering.