I think this question can be answered in several differnet ways. I will try to explain the different aproaches and finaly give you my opinion.
	If you compare our world today with the early human days of being hunter/gatherers I believe their lives were more dependant on cooperation than we are today. The were dependant to each other beacause it was more of a struggle to survive. During hunting big game you need to be well communicated with you fellow hunters to coordinate your hunt - your life might depend on it. 
	If you compare with the later days of medival farmers we did not need the same amount of cooperation. A farmer is independent from other farmers and more dependant on good weather and good soil. Not so say that the ability to cooperate was not valuble. Cooperation between farmers could speed things up during the busy seasons. Having a large group harvesting everyones fields will be quicker than every single farmer doing his field by himself.
	Today we need the ability to cooperate with others in our everyday life. We live more closely with others and need to make sure that this proximity does not cause any conflict. We mostly need it in our professional lives. We need to cooperate with our fellow co-workers, supervisors and/or schoolmates. We need to communicate clearly through all available channels. My High School teachers were always very insitant that we learn how to cooperate with each other. In every subject we had to work in groups, sometimes in a team of only two, sometimes up to ten. This  is of course mostly good, I have a very good understanding of what makes a group work together. You need communication, ablility to use all available resourses in form of different minds and knowledges.
	But we are not dependant on this ablility today. We do not live or die depending on that ability. I have worked with many successful individuals who did not function well with others. There are many professions that does not require us to cooperate with others. But I feel that it is more important for us than it was for old time farmers as we have more interaction with others. A typical farmer would live with his family close to his fields. He would sometimes meet with other but would not depend on them for survival. Today we need to cooperate with people to ensure that we have jobs and places to live. 
	I have come to the conclusion that the ability to cooperate well with others is more important today than it was for maybe a tousand years ago, but less important than it was many thousand years ago when the human species were still hunter/gatherers. This is beacause we do not depent no cooperation for survival as did the hunters of old. 
 