Would one be sucessful in todays world by harbouring ambition alone? Or for that matter could one be successful if they only posess the ability to compete? The answer to me is no.For me it is essential for individuals to learn the art of cooperation, without which sucess would be hard to come by. In the following passage I shall substantiate my point.

From the busy lifestyle of our parents we can gauge that it is essential to be competitive for sucess in carrier and that without ambition none may succeed. However it is cooperation tha allows to suatain and augment the growth provided to us by the aforementioned qualities.

For rexample if you are to leal a team in an office or Coorporation it becomes essential that you cooperate with your tem in order to maintain effective functioning of the team. Here not only must you be skilled in cooperation yourself but you must also inculcate in your peers, to promote efficacy.

If you are a Rugby player would it be possible for you to function indipendently? No, certainly not, if a player suddenly begins to act alone it would lead to desasterous consiquences, which may ultimately result in the team loosing the game. Thus making that perticular individual responsible for the loss of the whole team only because he did not coooperate. This is true of all team sports. One may think that an author may write indipendently and have no such problems. However here also the author needs to cooperate with his agent and Publisher in order to become successful, atleast initially ,  later if things go well he or she may act incooperative.

Cooperation fosters the bonds of amity and friendship. 
A person who cooperates with otheer people is happer than un coop-erative people espically in todays enviornment. As stress takes its tool on us and depression sets in, One who is cooperative would certainly be happier as these things would affect him less. In earlier days such problems were less in number than in comparison to today. Cooperation by fostering harmony would help to alliveate these new problems atleast in part.

We must foster the virtue of cooperation in the coming genaration  anmd within ourselves . This is essential in the context of nature as ppriority is concerned. If we do not cooperate with nature an not learn to coexist with it peacefull and by causing minimal harm we would soon perish. By cooperating with nature I mean to reduce the various pollutions and conservation of resourses.

In retrospective analysis one may say that cooperation is a virtue harder to come by in todays world. We must learn to cooperate so as to be more sucessful, lead happier lives and make our enviornment better.