A philosopher once said "the Human being is a social animal". Today as in the past people live together and as they live together they have to interact, share, exchange... with the others. It's seldom when people can achieve a goal by themselves we alwyas need someone to support in one way or another, directly or indirectly.
The main changes have occured with the new technologies, and specially the new media of communication and transportation, now the distances aren't an issue anymore. I think today, like in the past, we need to cooperate. Each of us is like the part of a chain and each part needs the others to exist.
Today internet and the new media of communication have improved the possibility of exchanging between the people. Today, contrary to the past, when a firm creates a new product its market is not only the town where it is sttled but the entire world. The technology provides the means to communicate and spread the information all over the world but one still needs people to use these informations. So cooperation took a wider sense, talking about the distance and the number of people involved in a project, and all these people need to interact. New communication means only increase the number of people who are able to interact together, so in that way the ability of cooperate changed from ancient sense to get a higher dimension.
But if we look how the society used to work one or two centuries ago, people still needed each other but the main difference was the scale, often, interest of people where concentrated in their neighbourhood or their town. People who grew cows used to sell the meat on the markets in their town because it was not possible to transport the goods over long distances and there was no way to conserve the meat;but they already needed to buy food for the cows from other farmers, and sell the meat to other people, it was another way to cooperate. Today it takes only few hours to send goods from one place in the world to another.
As a conclusion, I think that today as in the past, people need to interact and need to cooperate to live (men will be men !!!), the only difference is the scale of cooperation improved by the new technologies.
