    I think that it is very important to be able to cooperate with the others in the modern world. 
   First lets say what is the modern world. This a world of technologies and science. The modern people are more and more involved in knowledge requiring activities. In the past the human knowledge was very limited. It was quite possible to have one person well educated in a number of diverse science.  In our days the knowledge is so wide and diverse that it is imposible to know everything that you may need to know. In the same time in many areas you may need to have knowledge in few different directions. In this case the only reasonable solution is to work in team. 
     For example you may be well prepared in computer science but the particular project may require knowledge in chemistry. The usual solution is to have a team of both computer scientists and chemists.
The same is especialy true in the new research areas. Most of the new scientific areas are combinations of few other classical areas. A good examples age genomics, phisics, biology and so on.
     The ability to cooperate isn't limited only to the scientific work. It is important in the every day live. Lets take as an example the team work in the office. Many tasks require more than one person to be successfuly completed. When there are people that aren't willing to cooperate then this may become a problem for the whole team. The result is that the team will be less efficient and it will be significantly slower. In the modern world the people are living under high pressure and it is important to be able to produce accurate results in a short time. The latest wasn't so important in the past becuse the entier community in the past was more innertial. Of course in the past it was still an issue to be cooperative in tasks that are inherentialy team oriented. A good examples are some kinds of sports, the military actions when a team of soldiers must work together and some other. But this doesn't change the major idea that the cooperation is important because these examples are still valid today.
     In general it is inceasingly important to be able to work in a team and to be cooperative. I belive that it will even more important in the future.
 