In this set of materials the reading section provides some information abou the negatives effects of fish farmig. One of such negative effects is that fish faming puts in danger the health of the wild species and the wild species can develop some diseases or infection as a result of combining the farmed fish and the wild species of fish. The other problem is the use of chemicals in order to produce fish faster. It can protentially endanger the health of humans who consume this kind of fish. Although there haven't been any cases reported  about endangered health of humans related to the use of the chemicals to help the fish grow, there is a possibility that cosumers can be exposed to some long- term effect. The third negative factor is that the farmers feed the fish with the fish meal. This food is made by processing of the wild species. So, this increases the number the farm raised fish, but at the same time it reduces the amount of protein available from the sea.

In the listening passage the Porfessor kind of criticises the points made in the reading passge. Mainly, in regard to the fact that the fish farming put the health of the wild psecies in danger, he sayd that by farm fishing, some of the local spieces can be reboud, and that wild species suffer more from the commercial fishing than from fam fishing. As for the health risk to the potential consumers, the Professor makes a point that chemicals are also used in beef and pork and poultry. Compared to these types of ffod, fish has less fat and more nutrients and better nutrients and may be beneficial for people's health. And finally regarding the use of the huge amount of fish meal to produce farmed fish, the Professor concludes that this type of fish (fish meal) is not eatable anyways, that is human cannot it this kind of fish. So, why not to use uneatable fish to make eatable fish. 
Well, as it can be seen from this set of materials the phenomenon of farm raising can have both negative and positive effects.

   