The world today is a very different place from what it was in the past - it is more of a single entity with quickly fading geographic and economic boundaries. The "smaller" world of today has necessitated cooperation and collaboration across people from various cultures and geographies from all over the world.

With the globalization of economies, various international corporations have sought lower production costs and wider markets by establishing branches in multiple cities spread across continents. Such expansion has necessitated interaction and cooperation of people from different countries to effectively conduct business. Today's "global teams" have made cooperation and teamwork more important than ever. An easily visible example of this phenomenon is the establishment of large IT companies such as Hewlett-Packard, IBM, and Cisco in multiple locations across America, Asia, Africa, and Australia.

With the expansion of large businesses, people are getting wider exposure to diverse cultures from different places of the globe. The cultural differences have made people more sensitive to each others' culture today than in the past, thus making the ability to cooperate well with others more important than in the past.

The techonological improvements such as the Internet bring people closer, though not in terms of physical proximity. The interaction of people today spreads across geographies unlike in the past. Cooperation with remote teams is a routine today though unheard of just a few decades back.

The invention of new technologies such as nuclear power generation has benefitted people from various countries. The transfer of technological knowledge to fully exploit the benefits associated with the advancements has lead to wider cooperation across multiple countries. This has put engineers and technologies from various locations in touch with each other necessitating improved cooperation skills.

In addition, students from various countries have consistently sought to gain knowledge by studying in foreign universities in the past few decades. The universities in turn have benefitted by bringing rich diversity to their classrooms. The need to work as a team with people of different cultures has made the ability to cooperate an essential quality for today's students.

With the continued growth of global ecnomicies and communication technologies, and the movement of people, the ability to cooperate well is likely to be far more important in the future than today, just as it has gained more importance today than in the past.