  In the university or company, there are a lot of situations that the people cooperate with each others well and success. Not only these places, but also in home or other places, the cooperation with otheres are very important nowadays. So, nowadays, the cooperations with others are more important than past times, because people can go anywhere at earth, the competitors are numerous and  the relationship between people has increased.
  First of all reasons, the first one why the cooperations become more important is the the world is 'small' now. The transportaions methods are improved and a lot of people get chances to go around the world or do business at abroad. This situation make the cooperation  more important. For example, one of my relatives who do businness at Africa make a great beneficial at there by forming the great cooperations. He said that if he do not fing the company, he could not  be successful like now.
  For the second reason, there are many competitors who a person must compete, and the success need beeter cooperations. For example, a lot of huge companies continue to making appointments with competitor's company and government to get more beneficial. If they do not make these things it will failed to make benefits. So, they should keep to make good cooperations and use it to overcome the problems.
  Moreover, the time that a person must meet with people is increased. The students are at academy for a lon tome, and the adults are at company for a long time. This fact make people to think that they must form a great cooperation with others. For example, there are a lot of people who ignore the relationship among others and don't have and friends and companies. Thes people are very hard to success or keep their power. 
  The facts that the world is now 'small', competitors are numerous, and the relationship increase, the cooperations nowadays have more important means than past time. In the home or in the company, people must keep this in mind and try to form  great relationships.