Yes i totally agree that "In todays world ,the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past "
Cooperation is one of the ways of showing your personality . like say in class room if you cooperate with your friend in good way , then if you fail to understand anything which the professor teaches then you can ask your friend to explain you and if someday he cannot make to the class due to some reason ,he can take your notes . In this way things become very easy if two people are cooperative . 
Like at job if you cooperate well with your collegues and manager then you ,they also cooperate with you and you will be considered as good and the manager and collegues will try to help you ,when u need help . and suppose if you dont cooperate at job with your collegues and manager then things will be different and very difficult and they will isolate you from others at work and even though you are doing your job good , doing everything in a good way as you were supposed to do , but your collegues will say things about you to the manager in such a negative way ,that the manger will look for an oppurtunity to fire you at the very first mistake you make . why this cooperation is much needed or say necessary now adays when compared to past is because of the  growing population at the sametime increased unemployment and less jobs . so one has to be very competitive and cooperative in whatever one does . whereas in the past the population was far less ,unemployment was rarely seen as there were many jobs opportunities .
Suppose if you are doctor and as nowadays the technology is just increasing and everyday you see something new . a new device is invented , and say suppose if you working on a patient who had myocardial infarction , and going into arrythmia , and suppose you dont know how to use the cardioversion machine , and if you ask other doctor and he cooperates with you and helps you in performing cardioversion on that patient , you will be able to save ones life . whereas in earlier days there was not much use of technology in medicine as it is used nowadays , as various new methods/ procedures are being used in medicine ,surgery now days ,so by being cooperative can save ones life .
"cooperation is a ladder to success in any field or say any situation of life ".