	The present trend in the mentality of people and society is to become more and more individualistic, self centered and mind- your- own- business thing. The fast paced life of our society which glorified personal glories and material wealth has threathened if not ruined our sense of community and cooperation among individuals, society and even nations. But as the saying goes, "no man is an island", all of us must learn or even relearn to cooperate more and more now than ever.
	Our world is becoming smaller and smaller not because it has shrink in its size but because of the advent of modern technologies in communication and transportation. With this, diseases could travel as fast as one can  travel from one continent to the other. Example of this is the SARS threat and Avian Flu affecting Asian nations and later threatening the whole world. If countries had not cooperated in the prevention and control of this very fatal and highly infectious diseases then millions could have died.
	We live in a interacting world where one action or event that happen in one continent or locality will ultimately affect the sorrounding area. We live in a virtually close environment an ecosystem where each action or inaction will ultimately return back to those living in the system---our world. The problem of drug addiction could very fit here as an example. Unless we cooperate to stop the source of illegal drugs, our efforts in controlling its user will prove useless and inutile in the long run. Unless people take concern to report those that they  know are producing, trafficking and selling these drugs and those that are victims of its illegal use, our police and drug agencies will be ineffective in curbing it. 
	Our society has more problems now that it has before. The most threatening recently is the terrorism we read all over the media. Unless countries will cooperate to prevent if not to stop it, America could not do it alone. The terrorism affect not only Americans but it claims the life of innocent victims in all races even their very own. With this people and countries should realized that terrorism as a threat is a threat to all. Cooperation is needed in solving this worldwide attack on human life.
	While the present society tend to favor and support individualism, we should realize that we have to return back to the basics---of cooperating--- for its only through this that we can solve most of our problems, not individually but collectively to obtain effective and efficient results.