

It is a common law of nature that cooperation is oftentimes a more winning strategy than the individualistic go-it-alone one. Evidence the symbiotic processes that exist in nature such as the epiphytes on the mangroves, the fungus eating the dead wood to make the tree hollow and ironically more stable etc. Let us try to understand why the adage "no man is an island" is even more true today than ever,  in the context of "realpolitik" on the world stage.

We will look at a successful example and a not-so-succesful one.
First the succesful one. The glasnost process started under previous adminsitrations came to a head under the Reagan administration. President Regan used a carrot and stick approach to win over the Soviets cooperation. To not do so would result in an ill-affordable arms race that would make the world even more potentially destructive--on top of the ability to destroy everything on earth with just the existing nuclear weapons at that time! Reagan and Gorbachev both realised the madness of this and they sat down to sign a historic treaty of cooperation that changed the composition and fates of the Soviet and Western European power blocs. When Reagan said in Berlin" Mr. Gorbachev tear down these walls" and the Berlin Wall came down, that was the biggest personification of the nascent cooperation treaty between the two superpowers. 

The unsuccesful example is that of the current Bush Administrations go-it-alone attitude with Iraq. President Bush and his administration were unable to convince the other Developed Nations in the Security Council to join with them in the Iraq war --unlike in Afghanistan where NATO forces and UN forces are working alongside US forces to help Afghanistan remain free of Taliban influences. Today, we are mired in this war, no WMD have been found to date, and even our major ally, the British, have said that they will start bringing their forces back--even while we are "surging" our foces on the ground.  Cooperation with all our NATO allies would have been a better recourse than the path we chose to take. It is far from certain, if we will ever achieve our objectives for a free Iraqui nation considering the three tribal factions Sunni, Shia and Kurds, and the overriding Shia majority. However, belatedly, we have agreed to talk to Iran and Syria in tripartite talks and let cooperative diplomacy have a chance. I am still hopeful of a "win--win" situation that will allow us to bring our troops back soon.

In summary, the world has shrunk--we call it globalization and Tom Friedman calls it a flattened word, because everything is now interconnected. Our trade, banking, services etc all are intertwined between some major countries. Global warming also interconnects us and behooves us to cooperate rather than go-it-alone. Today, more than ever, the lyrics of the song" he aint heavy, he's my brother" ring true. Cooperate but compete is the new motto in our age for countries and individuals alike.