	A regular street in a small town in The Netherlands. People with all different nationalities are living here. The mosque is around the left corner, the surinam fruit market on the other. We are living in a multicultural society today which cannot be denied. Looking from an individul point of view it can be stated that cooperation is extremely important only to feel comfortable in your own neighbourhood. From a universal point of view it is not different. 			Compared to many years ago globalization has intensively entered our world and wherever you go you will get into touch with people from other cultures. Cooperation is needed for simple things as doing groceries and finding your way in an unknown place, but also to be able to do businiess with others or to give a helping hand in times of need. 		
	'Understanding the other' is an anthropological saying that is telling us that we have to try to get to understand ideas, dreams and views of people different then us. The ability to do so has everything to do with adaptation. Are we willing to open our mind and to take interest in someone elses way of living? Because a different culture in this sense does not have to mean diversity in ethnic backgrounds per se. You just have to be open for every single person that crosses your path.
	So is it more important in our present world then it was in the past? Looking at our ever globalizing multicultural and especially also segmented world I would say yes. Yes because we are not living on our own. We need other people for everything we do. I am not doubting that cooperation is the key for succes. For progress in whatever you are heading for. 
	Although, on the other side, I must say no to this question. I am positive that working together has always been of great importance. It is just the context that has changed. A long time ago people did not have the ability of adaptation as we have nowadays. This is mainly due to education as well as the world they were living in. 
	Things are changing. People are changing. And we all have to go along with it. Wether it was more important then or now does not change the fact that it is, or that it should be, important every day, everywhere. 







