  Students in Myoungi highschool in Korea  have taken a group project on July last year at school's English class. It was to write a script and play it in English. Classmates made  groups of five members and cooperated each other, making clothes to wear in the play, writing a script, praticing and so on. Everyone has a moment when his abillity to cooperate with others becomes important for his life. Especially these days, the ability is getting more important than it was in the past time, because our society requires people to be cooperative and also the world is getting globalized.
  There was an article in Daily Chosun on July 9th, 2006, about a man named Kim Sungmin, who was hired by Samsung, which is a big company in Korea. The employers requested candidates to send a message to their freinds, and they evaluated how many people answered the candidates' message, Kim Sungmin got over 50 messages at a second, and it proved that he had an ability to cooperate well with others and keep good realationships. This method of hiring employees is the one which never existed in the past time. It represents that this society take the ability cooperate as a valueable aspect, whearas it was not considered in past society.  
  The negociation about FTA between US and Korea is now on proccess . In order to benificiate both country though FTA, the abilty to cooperate is one of the most importand thing US and Korea should have. As communication technology is developed and the scale of world's economy is getting biggar, it is impossible for all country to isolate themselves and satisfy themselves with all resources they need. Thus, Every country shoud have the ability to comprmise each other. Thefore, the cooperation ability is getting more important than it did in the period when the world's econmony was smallar and did not need interaction each other.
   In the past, the ability to cooperate with others was not considered to be a worthy aspect of a person. Also, the need to compromise between countries was smallar. However, this society requires people to have a cooperative attitude, and also it is nessasary for all countries to cooperate with others in order to maintaion their economy. For these reaseon, cooperation is more important these days than it was in the past.   