Cooperation in Today's World
Today we live in a globalized world. The citizenship, age, and time doesn't matter any long. What it is important today  is cooperation between groups these not only in a work but also in our daily lives. 
Now a days cooperation has come to be one of the main abilities a person should have for getting into an organization, or finding a job. The old image we had of the great scientist or philosopher thinking by himself and making out theories all alone is now disapearing, and is being replaced by the modern image of group work.
Scientists from different parts of the world, with different levels of preparation, different organizations and different resources  cooperate and look for a common goal. They no longer keep their research information for themselves and their friends. But they open that information to the world, providing background for future cooperations. 
Business are no longer centered in just one city but in the entire world. The market is no longer just one country but also hundread of countries around the world. And getting to that countries is not possible if beingl alone, instead we need  copperation form every other contry in the world for expanding our business and being succesfull. 
You ask if the ability to cooperate with others is more important today than in the past? It is not important, it is critical, for being able to work in an enterprise, in an industry, in a laboratory. We must have that ability developed throught out our graduate formation, and if that ability is not auaried in that level then we should search and learn it in the real world.
We can no longer go out and walk in the streets thinking about how we could be succesfull, but we need to think about how we could make our team succesfull. How we could reach our goals, by reaching our team goals. How we could get our name written in history, by cooperating with the others. We can only achieve that if we realize that we live in a globalize world, one can not longer make everything by oneself, but we can do that and more if we cooperate and learn to work together for a common goal. 