I agree with the statement that the ability to cooperate well with others in today's world is far more important than it was in the past. I will elucidate the reasons in the following essay.

First of all, we are in a globalised world today. Globalisation entails co-operation across borders and cultures, and is well illustrated in the business world today. For example, there are far more multi-national corporations (MNC) today as companies cut labour cost by outsourcing their products to other countries, in particular, the developing countries, to improve their competitive edge in the market. MNCs require close co-operation between people with different backgrounds and cultures. The ability to cooperate well with others in this context is therefore necessary to ensure success in the business ventures.

Second, the world's population growth has hit all time high in today's world. As the population increases, people live closer together. The ability to cooperate with others harmoniously and tolerantly is therefore all the more important as we have more opportunities to interact with one another and to survive on the same eco-system. Higher populations and consumption outputs also create problems to the living conditions in some parts of the world. This gives rise to environmental problem, such as global warming. The ability to work well together across nations to improve the living environment is therefore crucial in human survival as a whole.   

Last but not least, the ease of travel and communications have also made our world 'smaller' in the sense that we are closer in contact with each other. We have more opportunities to be exposed to different people and places as we travel or logon to the internet. The ability to co-operate well is indeed important to ensure a convivial exchanges of ideas take place. A greater tolerance level and ability to worl well with one another are required to embrace diversity of cultures and people as we grow closer in today's world.
  



 

   