     I agree with the statement that the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it used to be in the past.  In the following paragraphs, I will explain the reasons in detail.

     First of all, I believe the way people think of others has changed drastically compared with it in the past.  From I what heard from my parents, I had an impression that people were more cooperative before.  For example, when my parents were small, neighbours were like families, helping each other all the time.  However, taking an example from my presonal experience, I do not really know who is living next to me and have no clues on their personalities.  From these facts, I understand that it is not a common practice to cooperate well with others in recent years.  Under such circumstance, cooperating with others is a very important because people do not feel that it is not normal to do so.

     Secondly, since the world has become more international, there are many cultures in one contry or one society.  Therefore, a common sense is not always a common sense to everyone in the society.  I am sitting next to a person from U.S.A. at my work place.  Although he understands some Japanese, he still finds it difficult to understand Japanese style of working.  He often asks me questions on basic working style because he can not learn it without asking.  From a conversation with him, I feel that it is very important for a person to cooperate well with others and always try to understand each other.

     Lastly, if all people has no ability to cooperate well with others, there will be no groups such as countries, societies or companies.  In order to keep and maintain certain groups, not only the rules but also mind to cooperate with others are necessary.

     From the reasons stated above, I do believe that the ability to cooperate well with others is far more importan than it was in the past.  I also think it is very important note that people can not live alone, they need help of others to survive.          