I often hear people saying that our world has become much more individualistic and selfish than it used to be. Although I think this is true to some extent, teamwork and cooperation between people and organizations of all types have never been as emphasized as they are nowadays. There are several reasons to this, which I will try to explain in a more or less chronological order.
The first reason for the need for cooperation was the increasing specialization of people and organization that arose as the complexity of the tasks undertaken grew higher. A very good example of this is the evolution of science and scientists. Scientists used to be people who would touch and experiment with very numerous areas of science. For example Descartes and Pascal made great breakthroughs in both mathematics and physics and were also able to save some time to write philosophical essays. Nowadays a mathematician, even if he is very skilled, will usually have a very hard time fully understanding concepts and reasonings that do not belong to their speciality. For example only a few very skilled and specialized theorists were able to review Wile's demonstration of Fermat's theorem and point out his mistakes, while other very famous mathematicians would simply not be able to get it.
The second reason, I think, would be the means of communication. Communicating with people from a far distance and traveling to meet them is now a lot easier than it ever was. While people used to have to conduct their own experiments and design their own products independently to achieve their goals, it is now much more simple to collaborate with other specialists and buy most of the products and knowledge you need from other companies. As we have seen recently with the reorganization of Airbus, several parts of the planes are designed somewhere, built somewhere elwse and assembled in yet another location. This is possible only because the goods can efficiently be transported from one place to another and because people from the assembling site can easily communicate with people from the conception site (using the internet for example) in order to prepare the assembly line although they have yet to see a single part of the plane.
Last, competition and globalization have made it mandatory for all business and organizations to cooperate with others. Simply because some tasks are executed better and for a much lower cost in different parts of the world. The common example for that is the relocation of factories to South-East Asia where clothing or electronic parts are manufactured at much lower costs because of the very low salaries. A business that does not manufacture its products in such a low-cost zone seems nowadays seems to be bound to go bankrupt rapidly.
All these changes make collaboration skills critical for everyone and I think the internet revolution will not put an end to that.