" Cooperation opens the door to success." This is my motto. Perhaps people in previous generations will cast doubt on my belief, but in today's world coorperation serves as a golden rule no matter in the study, career, or down to our daily life.

As a university student, I can strongly the evolution of the importance of cooperation in study through conversation with my parents and my own experiences. Nowadays it is a scene oftern played out : a group of students gather together in the library discussing on a task. Both our assignments and examinations contain group work, which is in great need of cooperation. Everybody's partipation and contribution is counted, or else the grade for the group will suffer. However, as my parents says, they only did some multiple choices and lab experiments individually during their school time. They were responsible for their own grade, which is quite different from today's education system.

Besides in school, cooperation is also dispensible in workplace. Whether divided by funtion or project, a team is in charge of a task or several tasks, not an individual. My father's company, General Electronics, boasts a bounty of groups, including sales division, customer service division, consulting division and so forth. The team menbers have to collaberate to reach the same goal. According to my father, in GE,one who is not able to work with others will sooner or later be expelled, even though he is quite competent on his own. 

Last but not least, the importance of cooperation is displayed in our day to day life as well. Decades ago, people just catered to their own taste, reading books or listening over radio at home, enjoying the solitude. Gone are the days being satisfied with indulging oneself at home.It is a different picture today. . Instead, people tend to hang out together in summer camps, overseas trips and the like. Without the spirit and ability of cooperation, the odds are you probally can not comoplete or at least enjoy those activities.

Taking the study ,the work, the everyday life into consideration, we can see cooperation holds a special position in today's world everywhere. It is no exaggeration to say, no cooperation, no success.