   People skills are more needed today then they ever were in the past. With the coming of the new centuary; teenagers and adults alike are finding difficulty fitting in and cooperating with others.
    Throughout history people have always had a common code of dealing,Unwrriten and taught from father to son. The rules were known within the society, Women, children, and men all acted the role that was expected of them...with the comming on the new mellenia the roles shifted; women wanted to become the main provider, children stopped listening to their parents and the rules changed. What is offensive changed. Policies changed. and thus what is expected -the moral par we are all supouse to look up to- disapeared!
  Also with the industrial revolution came a major melting of cultures; people from diffrent ethnic backgrounds and socail rules merged with the invention of the car. It became easy to move and live wherever u like, work somewhere for a few years and come back, you could still stay in touch with your family. You might even consider bringing your family along; with schools everywhere teaching almost the same curriculum, you won't be distrubting your kid's education!
   Asia and Africa are next door neighbors, which set of customs are expected..do u knock the door and bring them a housewarming gift? or would they consider that offensive and put some vodo magic on you? how about asking your hindu friend to go out for a beef burger?
   Another aspect that should be put into consideration is T.V. and it's affects on children, 100 years ago no black child could be seen playing with a white one, but now they are dipicted playing soccer on T.V. so normaly, no one could teach the child other then what he's seen is right.
  the social codes have whirlwind out of control. a new global set of rules for being polite has been put. As an individual you should watch and learn or you will not be able to servive. Cooperating with others well is vital to a happy social and bussiness life.  