	I almost agree on the statement that it is more important to be able to cooperate well in these days than it was in the past. 
	To explain my opinion I want to start pointing out how today's world is like and how it has changed compared to the past. We are living in a globalized world in which people from many different countries cooperate with each other. In fact, we have got the possibility to cooperate in a very simple way, because technology has improved and you can easily get into contact with others by the internet, etc.         
	The most obvious globalized branch is economy. Countries trade with each other exchanging products and if a country is not willing to cooperate it will not benefy from them. 
	The cooperation in politics is even more important. Politicians have to cooperate to find a compromise or to avoid a problem. For instance, there is the UN that strongly enforces the cooperation between countries. Politicians can exchange their opinions about a worlds problem and probably find support from other countries or at least maintain an idea of a solution. In fact, by cooperation you may even avoid a war!
	Refering to society I would like to explain the cooperation between common people. I think one main factor why people have to cooperate is changing society. In the past people worked together and they helped each other in bad times. My grandmother, for example, lived in a small village where all the habitants knew each other. When she wanted to marry my grandfather she did not have enough money to celebrate it. So, the habitants came bringing equipment, cakes, plates, and even some musicians came to play for them. 
	Today that kind of aid does not exist anymore, but cooperation is even more important, because the living conditions did not become safter. One can lose his working place, for example. If he had cooperated before, he would get a new chance easier. Perhaps his neighbour he had helped before, who communicates him a new working place.
	In conclusion cooperation is important at many different levels.
	