It is true that in today's world, people have become much more independent not only towards their governments and environment but also to each other. When we get up in the morning, we have the choice between 3 different brands of cereals, if the milk we add is high or low in fat and if the coffee that goes along comes from Columbia or Nicaragua. 
This independence or choice, however you may call it, has as a consequence that we don't have to cooperate with others in order to get what we want. In a global village, there is always an alternative, so there will not only be less need for cooperation in the large scale, but also on the personal level. A government or any person will only cooperate as long as he can see his own profit. The economists say that this will in a long term profit the whole, providing a net increase in wealth and satsifaction. But it also leads to a net decrease in the ability and the wish to cooperate with others.
There are also numerous opponents to this scenario. We see this during G8 summits or world trade conventions where there are sometimes thousands of people trying with all their energy to prevent what they refer to as globalisation. In their opinion, this lack of willingness to cooperate will worsen over the years and will lead to situations comparable with slavery and authoritarian regimes.
But can we face these claims with a certain degree of objectivity? It can't obviously be that all of the people will at the end benefit from such a system facilitating the trend towards non-cooperation and on the other hand that we are doomed to an egoistic an self-destructive end.
So we can definetly say that today's world presents less cooperation than it used to. There are a lot of exceptions, as we can see in the efforts of non-profit and charity funded organizations, but in the end, my guess is that the society simply too many profits for non-cooperation.
Does this mean that we should go back to times where we had to struggle and cooperate with others for our survival. Where these noble ethics or just another mean to arrive to ones goals?
I guess not, we have to include the positive effects of a society providing us with a choice between what we want to do. Because only if people have the choice, they can choose to cooperate with others despite the own profit. When people will realiye this, and they more certainly will in times with economic stability, they will be able to choose the bette