I wouldn't day that the ability to cooperate with others if far more important nowadays that it was in the past. On the contrary, in my opinion the talent of team player and the ability to work as a part of the team, so not only you, but the team would benefit from is has always been of high regard. It may have transformed a little bit and acquired some new forms of cooperation, but on the whole, it's still the same. Still, I must agree that in order for a small business to survive competetion, all member of the team should cooperate better. One of the example that I would like to draw is my first serious job back in my homeland Ukraine. Ove the period of five years I was one of the interpreters at a local marriage agency. I had to work there to apply my interpretation skills somewhere. 

Well, when the boss started the business, there were only two of us and each of us had her own office and we would rarely see each other and communicate. We were focused on translating as many letters as we could- that was all we cared about back then, to tell the truth. To put it simply we need money. But over the years the business began growing and we needed more and mor people and more and more office space and what was the key element is that we started to hold daily sessions, brain-storming session. Our boss would gather all of us asking for our opinions and suggestions. That was quite a new thing, but we got used to it soon. We simply needed to combine forces in order to survive in a competitive world. Some more marriage agencies opened back then, but only one survived, guess whose agency was this? Yes, that was us and thank God as far as I know our business is still blooming, there ten interpreters working there now and we've got about one hundred international couples. It makes me happy to see our business growing now. I know that nowadays the team meets twice a day. But it was hard then. I would say that those daily sessions (that are still being held) have helped tremendously - back then we came up with some innovative techniques, sped up the whole process of translating, etc. I do not want to go into details, but back then in our country certain elements could seem eccentric and shocking, but they worked. The key point was to have all the team members cooperate well, so the business and each team member would benefit from this. But what was the most rewarding was that our innovative techniques proved themselves efficient and we could help (and still helping) lonely souls find each other and build a family. When I look at the happy faces of our families and their children what else I can ask for.  This is the best reward for me. 
Sometimes when we all get together, we remember those times and as far as I know there is a picture of our first BSS (brain storming session) on the desk on each of the interpreters to remind them of what a team spirit, a collectives spirit, a spirit of good cooperation can do!!!     
  