       There has been made several changes in the world today. More information is required, the society is moving faster, and it is becoming more harsh to survive wherever it is. Because of those reasons, I absolutely agree that the ability to cooperate well with others has become crucial than it was in the past. 
       As I have mentioned above, in today's world, the society is requiring and also producing tons of informations. The one who has more informations is likely to success easier than others, I believe. That is why cooperating is important. By cooperating with others, you can share more information with them which can help you very much in your life. If you had no interpersonal skills and cooperating skills, you would probably had to know only what you know and it would also made you harder to search for other informations. In other words, it is harder to success. Even in school, for instance, if you have fair cooperating skills, you are likely to know much more things about whatever the topic is because you talk with others, helping one another. 
       The world today is fast paced and this the second reason why cooperating ability is essential. Sometimes it is so hard for you to follow the pace of the society. You need to keep up with the speed to success. If you have a nice cooperating skills, I think it would help you speed up following the pace of the society. Considering the most basic part of the life, in school, it is obviously different in speed when you do something alone and when doing with others. By cooperating, all the members can share their will which definitely increases the speed of the work. For another similar example, even in the company, to work with others would help finish the work faster than you do it all alone. 
       That is not all though. Cooperating well with others mean that you have good interpersonal skills. You know how to deal with others. It is not likely that you have an ugly personality and cooperate with others well. Because you have a tender but keen characteristics, you can cooperate with others easily and successfully. This kind of personality is sometimes, or maybe always mandatory to survive in this harsh society. To provide an example for this, in school or working place and the like, as I have said above. Whatever you are doing and wherever you are living at, the ability to cooperating nicely is important to survive.
       To sum up, I strongly agree that the cooperating skill has become important than it was in the past because you have to share many informations, speed up what you are doing and have to survive in this society by cooperating with others. 