     The reading passage and the listening passage are mainly talking about fish farming. The writer is stating the negative aspects of growing and harvesting fish in farms, while the lecturer is rebutting those points made in the reading portion.
     The reading passage is providing disadvantages of fish farming, which are very detrimental so that people should stop it. Firstly, the writer points out the negative effect of fish farming on health of wild fish around the farm. Since it is very crowded in the fish farm, there are possibilities of diseases and parasitic infections appear among those fishes. And even though the problem can be solved by using medicines, it can put wild fish in danger. Furthermore, the reading passage states the problem of posing health risk to human. In order to make the fishes grow bigger and faster, the farmers use chemicals, lacking the possible influence it will have on consumers. Finally, the writer claim that fish farming is wasteful. He argues that since most fishes in the farms are fed with fish meal, it would threaten the abandunce of protein sources in sea.
     The lecturer rebuts the three main points casted by the reading passage. To begin with, he argues that it is not relevant to claim that it causes illness to the wild fishes. He states that there are already endangered fishes along the coasts by commercial fishing, and by harvesting fish in farms the commercial fishing would decrease and eventually be able to help the endangered fish. And it is true that there can be some diseases caused, but the benefits would outweigh the disadvantages. The writer also rebut the second point, of chemicals used in farms being harmful to consumers. He says that those substances are the same ones which can be taken by eating other food such as poultry or beef. And also, since fish contain less fat and more nutrients it is, in fact, rather helpful to human. Finally the listening passage cast doubt on the third point mentioned in the reading. The lecturer states that it is not wasteful but efficient. It is right that those fish are fed with fish meal, but since the meal are produced of fish which are not consumed, and inedible fish it will be rather effective way to make inedible things into edible things.