  Fish farming has become very popular these days and is is said that 1/3 of fish we consume are grown at fish farms. While the reading passage argues that fish farming causes harmful consequeces, the professor rebuts those points made in the reading passage. 

  According to the reading passage, fish farming is perilous to the health of whild fish in the area around those farms. There will be more likely to develop diseases and parasitic inffections, which can be very dangerous to wild fish. The professor, however, says that the growing population of wild fish in costal areas are more the important thing that we should look at. It is true that the population near the shoreline has decreased, but it wasn't caused by fish farming. Fish farming actually increases the fish poplulation, since people stop fishing wild fish.    

  In addition, the reading passage expains that fish grown at fish farsm might bring health problems to human consumers, because they fed their fish with grough-inducing chemicals, which aren't tested for their safey. Those chemicals might effect people's health in a long term. On the other hand, the lectrure rebuffs this point by arguing that lots of other types of food are dangerous, too, and eating fish is rather nutritious. He states that people also use chemicals to grow pigs or cows, so eating fish is actually better, because they are very nutritious, comparing with,for example, polty and pork. 

  Another negagive consequences of fish farming relates to the long-term wastefulness of the process, according to the reading passage. Those fish are often fed with processed wildfish, and thus, fish farmers must use several pounds of fish meals in order to produce on pound of farmed fish, therefore reducing the amount of the protien available from the sea. The lecturer, however, states that fish farming is truning inedible fish for people to edible for other fish that grow in fish farms. He argues that fish those are fed with fish meal, are consuming fish that people rarely eat, or cannot eat.  