	Nowadays, people need to cooperate and help each other more important than it in the past. In the past, people in the world didn't have good communication and transportion systems, which means they can live in their own villege for their own lives. However, in today's world, with the growth of communication and transportantion, the world becomes a big villege which means it's impossible to survive without relying on each other.
	The development of communication is amazing.Except telephone and fax machine,  we can also communicate with people online by instant message systems or emails from thousands miles away. We can even talk with them face to face via web camera. In this case, people can easily exchange their opinions, ideas and help each other. A doctor can help a patient from hundreds miles away and a business man can make a deal with someone on the other side of the world. 
	Talking about the improvement of transportation, we can go anywhere in the world by airplane easily. No matter people go abroad for studying or doing business or traveling, they have to rely on public transportation and public transportation needs passengers to support its expense too. We all rely on each other one way or the other. 
	For example, people in the United States need a lot of products from China. Without good cooperation in communication and transportation, the products in China cannot be delivered to the US. In the result, American people will lack of certain important products and Chinese people will lack of money to improve their lives and factories. In the other word, American people and Chinese people rely on each other so they need good cooperation to improve both's benifits.
	In the ancient time, people can live in their tribes without knowing the world. Now, any disasters happened somewhere in the world will immediately effect the stock markets, international political issues and so on. How can a person say he/ she is able to live alone and self-sufficient.
	 Since we realize that each of us living in the world is not alone, we should also realize that we connect tightly to each other. We will agree with the importance of cooperation with each other. Thus, we need to have this new concepts in mind: the rain forest is not too far away from our backyeards and the pollution in China is the same as the pollution in your food. Eventually, we will be more willing to help each other and more willing to work together with other people in the world.
	  
	