Depending on personal experience, personality type and emotional concern, we find that when faced with the decision of importance of cooperation quite a few would deem in the past cooperation is more important than it is nowadays, but others, in contrast, believe cooperation is more useful than past and that is also my point. Among countless factors which influence my decision there are three conspicuous aspects as follows.

Certainly no reason in my decision is more significant than that cooperation can help us finish work easily. Nowadays human beings develop much more knowledge and information than past. It is impossible one can hold all of the information. Just imaging search a topic about fish cooking on the website you can get hunderds of ways to cook.  In the past thers is so much information available.

Another essential factor why I advocate that the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past is that our world is becoming a global village. We are in the time of globalization. In distance the world is so big, but we now are closer and closer to each other. For example You also can paste some help information for some medician on the forums. And then you will get a lot help from all over the world. We must cooperate with others otherwise we will be isolated out of the world. 

Furthermore what is woth noticing is that human should work together to face more challange of the nature. In the past we fight with the surrounding enviroment. What people thought is how to survive individually. But now we are thinking about how to make our life better. We explore the space, the ocean and the nature of human. All of these force human to cooperate.

There are still several other aspects of this issue under discussion which, unfortunately, I have no time to explore in detail here. By any possibility, people will never be able to arrive at the same conclusion on this controversial issue, due to their different experiences and conflicting values. But taking into account all dimenissions discussed in above analysis, public awareness will certainly contribute to the thorough understanding of this problem. There is little doubt that more and more people will come to realize that the ability to cooperate is more and more important.