In the time of the globalisation cooperation is becoming more and more important. So I fully agree with the statement. The world gets smaller and other people are only a heartbeat away.
In the past it was very different. It could take months or even years if you wanted to travel to distante countrys. Therefore most people only lived in their small community. They hardly left their town or their district. So you only had contact to a small group of people and they normaly had the same background. When it came to cooperation it was not so difficult. Even the kings and queens of this time tended to see only their country and its neighbours, not the countries far away. And they did not need to, because it was not necessary in those days.
But nowaday with the help of the telephone, planes and more recently the internet you can speak with someone from the other side of the world without much difficulty or travel there on one day.
Consequently the problems you are facing have changed. They became more global. It is not that every country can do what it would like to do on his own. For example if there is a war in one country this can easily involve several other countrys due to contracts they have made with each other. For this reason wars are very problematic because they can become global. Therefore cooperation is necessary in order to prevent them.
Furthermore there is the problem of global warming. The world is heating up and as a result there are lots of problems coming. Without cooperation there would not be a chance to change this and solve the environmental problems. When all countrys save the nature and reduce the carbondioxid production except one then this will not work.
In addition a country can not have a stable economy without the global market. You can not trade alone without partners. And trading  will not work on the long term without cooperation.
To sum up the world is changing very rapidely. Every day you face new problems and opportunities which have not been there before. So you need to work together to find solutions and work things out.