With the use of computers, some people think that cooperation becomes less vital than it was in the past because  work can be done independently by the use of computers. However, I am not in the same postition as them.

People claim that the computer facilitates the individual work. For example, the publishment of a book needed a team's effort in the past but, now, one can simply has his books edited and formated by his computer. They believe that work can be done more efficiently and effectively by individuals because meetings and quarrels can be avioded.

But, is that really the truth? In today's world, fresh ideas are demanded by companies and societies in order to maintain their competitivesness.Inspiring ideas can only be brought by discussion and interactions among humans. One could hardly think of  tremendous ideas without the interactions with others. The ability to cooperate well with others is still important nowadays. It is a common  practice that the enterprise would like to assign work to a semi-autonomous groups, rather than  an individual. The cooperation within groups facilitates the share of expertise and knowledge so more sophisticated and well-designed work can be come up and these incease the competitiveness of the companies and the communities.

Some international companies make use of computers to increase the coorperation among the employees in different parts of the world. It is not surprising to hear that one employee in India can have a meeting with people who are in America, France, China...
By the use of the video-conferencing, geograhical limitation is no longer the reason for hindering the coorperation among people. In fact, there are more international cooperation among people and, even nations. For instance, cooperation are sought from different nations to solve different kinds of problems, such as pollution, the uneven distribution of wealth and so on. With the increased dependence among the nations,these problems are hardly solved without mutual coorperation among them.

To conclude, the ability to cooperate well with others is as important as it was in the past in terms of producing better ideas, products and solutions to the problems.