I think that cooperation between countries and cultures is far more important than it was in the past.
I will demonstrate my statement by studying the political, economical and social cooperation in today's world.

First of all, the political cooperation between government is far more important and increasing.
In fact, we can take the example of the United Nations Organization which demonstrate today's level of cooperation between nations. The United Nations, as underlines its name, shows the cooperation between nations for major conflicts conflicts in our world. It also enables dialogue between government in order to solve some problems and find solutions (ej. the conflict between Israel and Palestine).
Others institutions develop the political cooperation such as NATO, IEAA agency...

Secondly, taking the economic perspective, we can easily find examples of cooperation.
For instance, as we have noticed in our previous point, political cooperation has also enable economical cooperation.
Indeed, if we take the main trade agreements (No tarrief barriers such as customs) between countries - such as European Union Trade Zone, ASEAN, MERCOSUR - we will be able to understand the high-level of cooperation between nations.

To finish, the most important international cooperation for me would definitely be the social cooperation between nations.
In fact, during the past 50 years, many agreements have been signed between nations in order to improve the solidarity among poor countries. Many NGO (Non Governmental Organizations) have been created in order to help the less-developped countries. We can take the example of "Action Contre la Faim" which gives food to people in Africa or "The Red Cross" which help many people providing medecine or first aid help.
There are thanksfully many other international organizations that reveal today's international cooperation.

To conclude, I would say that today's international cooperation is reaching an optimitisc level but many work still remains to be done.  