Nowadays, we live in an era of globalization and all around the world have been connected. Moreover, as a result, chances to meet and talk with foreigners have drastically increased. And I agree with the statement that the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past because of the following reasons.

First, in personal relationships with others, to cooperate with each other has become important. As it is possible to meet many people from various cultures, conflicts are apt to arise. To cope with these conflicts well, we need to cooperate well. For example, when I went to America last year for studying, I fought with an american because our opinions about the school project were different. However, we talked seriously with each other and finally succeded to find the best way to finish the project. It is all because of our cooperation that made possible to finish the project.

The second reason why I support this idea is that to cooperate well with others is also very important in businesses.  Today's companies become much larger and more complicated than they were in the past. So, it is now more difficult to deal with problems that companies confront as it is hard to adjust the idea of many people. Therefore, to cooperate well with others would help companies to adjust their way to overcome the difficulties.

Finally, to cooperate well with others is very important in national relations. In today's globalized world, nations should cooperate well because there would be serious results if they didn't cooperate. For example, as countries failed to cooperate, many people are suffering from wars and terrors. Those poor people didn't do wrong things but suffer because nations decided to attack each other. If nations cooperated with others well, people might not be suffering. 

To come to a conclusion, to cooperate well with others is more important than the past because we now have more contacts with foreigners. To contact with other people from various countries, we need to have cooperative mind.