The main objective of the lecture was aimed at countering each of the three arguments made in the reading passage.

The first issue regards the damage made to populations of wild fish. The passage states that fish farms create diseases and infections, which are then spread to wild fish. However, the lecture argues that wild fish are already scarce in the regions where most fish farming takes place -that is, on the coastal areas-. Because wild fish is already at endangered by commercial fishing, fish farming can actually benefit it, by providing alternative sources of fish. By increasing the supply of fish, both the price and the incenctive for fisheries are reduced. At the end, less depredation of wild fish will allow its population to recover, thus improving its survival chances.

The second statement made in the passage is that fish farming is detrimental for human health. Specifically, the chemicals fed to the fish have unknown effects on humans so they may be harmful. This danger is dismissed by the lecturer, but no because the chemicals are inocuous, but because the text ignores the fact that if it were not for the consumption of fish, humans would consume food from other animals, such as cattle. These animals, the lecturer states, are even worst than fish, because they receive the same chemicals, and in addition, they have more fat and less nutrients. Discontinuing fish farming would not increase human health, but would instead worsen it.

The last argument of the passage concerns the fact that wild fish are often processed and given as food to the fish in farms. Because for every pound of fish produced, fish farms use more than three pounds of wild fish, the net output of the farms is actually negative in terms of proteine. Again, the lecturer states that this argument is invalid because the important thing is not the total output but the total edible output. By using unedible fish as food, fish farms create a productive use for the nutrients contained on those fish that would otherwise be wasted. In the end, the contribution is positive in terms of useful proteins, which is what matters to humans.