	I disagree with the statement that in today's world, the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past. In my opinion, I think it is as important as it was in the past that we have to cooperate well. 
	In today's business world, both parties have to be cooperative in order for a deal to be completed smoothly. This is also necessary in the past for a deal between both parties to be completed smoothly. For example, a furniture's factory wants to purchase a raw wood from a wood distributor. If the latter chooses not to cooperate well with the factory, then the furniture factory may choose not to buy from that distributor again. This may result in discontinuity of business deals between the two parties because one party does not coopeate well. This will have the same effect if this transaction occured in the past as there had been no changes in the requirement for cooperating well. It has already been a standard since long time ago for both parties to cooperate well. 
	Cooperation is essential for having a good teamwork. For example, a good cooperation between team mates is required for a soccer team to perform well in matches. Should one team member fails to cooperate well with the rest of the team, the team may not perform at their best and therefore it can affect their performance. I have an experience related to this example. When I represented my college for an inter-college competition, one of my team mates was not feeling well during the match, and therefore he could not perform at his best and fails to cooperate well with the team. The same incident happened when I was representing my school in grade school. As a result, we did not perform at the best of our ability and lost both matches. From this experience, I feel that the ability to cooperate well with others is improtant, whether it is in today's world or in the past.
	In order for a company to be successful in business, all parties have to be cooperative with each other. For example, the accounting, sales, and finance department must have good communication in order for the company to work efficiently. Companies in the past also require the same cooperation. One of the reasons why companies in the past still survive in today's world is due to their well-managed cooperation in the company. Therefore, the ability to cooperate well with others is important, not taking into account whether it is in today's world or in the past.
	In conclusion, time does not change the importance of having a good cooperation with others. Whether it was in the past or in today's world, we still have to cooperate well with others in order for certain tasks to be achieved perfectly. 