     Cooperation has considered very signigicant through the centries. However, I can not agree with this saying ;  cooperation is considered important more in present than past. Todays, there are a lot of works which do not require ability to cooperate well, people usually estimate other people by their personal abilities and cooperation can make people lazy to improve their own ability.  
     In the past, almost all people were farmers. They planted many crops with other neighbors and helped each other. However, these jobs are not usual in nowadays. And that is the first reason why I considers cooperation more importantly in the past. For example, many people work with computers these days. They do not need other's aids to finish their works. Even though they do not work with computers, they do not need much cooperation, either. After they finish their given works, then go home. In this process, cooperation is not essential for everyone. 
     Also, people usually estimate other people by their personal abilities not skills to cooperate. Teachers in schools mostly like someone who just concentrate on their work and receive good results. For instance, I have a friend who cooperates very well. She is mild and well lead us. However, she is punished a lot by our teacher because of her grades. Like this situation, most people nowadays consider personal capability more importantly than cooperation.  
     Thirdly, there are many people who cooperate well but not personal works. It may have no problems if present societies just require cooperation like farming. However, societies require us a lot of professional works and if we just keep cooperating each other, we may can not improve our own skills. For example, some people consider succession of cooperation work thank for themselves. However, because many people do works together, the result can be good enough. Like this, person who works as cooperation may boast himself and may do not do his best on his works.
      The ability to cooperate well is one of the important skills in our lives. However, societies of todays require official and personal works. Cooperation is crucial but not much more than in past time.        