Currently, cooperation is emphasized much more than it was in the past. And I think it necessary in that to cooperate well with others is  definitely much more important now.
        Traditionally, the society was agricultural, and people only had to focus on the work of themselves. As long as they worked hard enough, they would have enough food to live on. Due to the industrial revolution, however, original professions are divided into many subcategories now, and it is impossible for us to live all by ourselves. For example, I am working in computer company, and we have to collect materials and objects made by people all around the world so that computers can be made. In fact, it is unreasonle to expect any computer company to make its computers totally on its own. Consequently, we have cooperate with all other manufacturers in the world to maintain a stable quality of our computers.
        Secondly, as our political system evolves into democracy, the importance of cooperation will increase day by day. In ancient monarchs, kings didn't need to cooperate with his subjects. They could do everything according to their own willingness. Today, our leaders must always cooperate with all the people to deal with the problems they are faced with. If they don't cooperate with the people, they will be called dictators and one day they will be deposed. 
         What's more, the development of large cities also contributes to the importance of cooperation. In an ancient village, there were not many people, and people inside didn't have many chances to meet with people from other places. Therefore, interaction with others was not a necessary skill. Today, however, we all live in large metropolises, and we have to deal with various people every day in order to live in the city. For instance, when a car accident takes place, we must cooperate with each other in calling the police, sending the wounded to the hospital, et cetera. Only by doing so can we maintain a good life quality even in a crowded city.
         To sum up, works have been divied and handed to many fifferent people, and democracy requires leaders to listen to the people, so cooperation is much more important today. Furthermore, life quality should also be kept through cooperation. Therefore, the ability to cooperate now is far more important than it was in the past.