To simply state that in today's world the ability to cooperate and work well with others is more important than in the past would be an understatement. Because of global changes that affect each and everyone of us, cooperation has moved up in the overall list of today's necesary personality traits.

As we all know, in the past 20 years the world has begun a technological trend that has given way to a phenomenon known as globalization. Huge advancements in home and office computing have made the world a smaller and a significantly more competitive place to live.  In order for each of us to survive in this new world we must learn to "virtualy" cooperate with each other in order to obtain results. Since globalization is relatively new, not everyone is 100% computer literate, so those of us who are have to be very patient and cooperative if we are to work together with them. This would be just one of many cases where globalization brings about cooperation in people today.

Another possible argument would be the increasing population in today's world (overpopulation). Quite simply, if there are more and more of us living in a limited amount of space we must learn to cooperate in order to avoid conflict and live a life in harmony with our sorroundings. From a simple gesture like providing a fellow citizen with directions, to assiting a work colleague with an upcoming deadline, it just has to be done.

As a result of the above mentioned global phenomenons, modern day work ethics have evolved to create today's single most important profesional trait known as teamwork. Anyone who has ever worked in modern competitive labor market has learned that the only way to succeed is through teamwork. Teams and task forces are created every day as a way to tackle difficult work related issues, tasks and deadlines. Needless to say, cooperation is necesary for any team to succeed.

Overall, it is safe to say that cooperation is the cornerstone of succesfull living in today's society. 
  