In the past, something like a global market did not exist. The development ot he global market happened in the last ten years. In the world of today, people have to face different challenges than in the past. This development is one reason why I am totally convinced, that the cooperation and interaction nowadays is more important than it was in the past. The following are my other reasons. Team work, more stress

First, the development from regional markets to one global market is one reason, why the skill to cooperate well with other persons is important. In the fast moving business world of today, people have to speak and to interact with different cultures all the time. For instance, during my internship at a global firm, I had to speak with a Japanese, because we were working on the same project. It was very difficult to come to end with nearly the same opinion about a specific topic. This was very important, so that we could finally decide how the next step in our project should look like.
The global market leads to the cooperation and interaction with different cultures, which is not as easy as within a same culture. This problem did not happen in the past, because there was no global market.

Second, team work is getting more and more important. The reason therefor is, that in the last years the work took often place in projects with many members. It is not easy to make a decision during a team meating, because everybody has his or her own opinion. Especially the team leader has to have skills, such as communication skills or conflict management, to get the different team menbers together. Team work did not play a big role in the past, so it is another point why we need more and more the ability to cooperate well with each other.

Finally, the fast moving world of today leads to more stress for the people. In the past, people did not to have fear of losing their job. Most people had one job for the whole life. Nowadays, people are frightening to loose their job almost every day in some businesses. This is the reason, why we all should try to cooperate well with each other and hope to reduce the stress, not only caused bz out job, but also bz our private relationships.

All in all, to cooperate well with each other helps us to live in a better world, perhaps such a world than the 