          The ability to cooperate well with others was always important for people, but in today's world I think that is even more important. To demonstrate such a statement I would reffer to the following reasons: you will gain more social credibility and a better feeling of satisfaction, will help you to built a stronger career and will offer you the chance to rely on the people you cooperate with.
          Firstly,  the ability too cooperate well with people helps you to gain more credibility and to have a self satisfaction as a good cooperative person. For example if you show at work that you are able to built up and sustain you own ideas and proposals you will be seen as a person that is awear of his own thoughts and can come up with original and useful ideas. In this way you can gain credibility in front of your colleagues. I think that nowadays  people are  more envy on each other and they are less able to cooperate and for our time is really important if you succed in this because you can step up in front of others and can take their places.
            Secondly, in today's world career is becoming more and more important. So, if you are able to cooperate with the others you will gain a stronger position and built up a better career. For instance if you are coming up with a good plan for your work and cooperate with your colleagues in accomplishing the steps of the project you have a great success. Another example will be that of knowing how to deal with your business  parteners. If you are able to have good discussions with them and come up to same ideas you can show a good cooperating system that will give you a good perspective on your career.
              Finally, human relationships are becoming more and more important today because people are trying to build up original and useful things together. In this way if a person is willing to cooperate with others he/she can also get help in a easier way. For example if you are nice to your neighbourn and show cooperation when he ask you to watter the plants of his house while he is in vacation he can also give you a hand when you need your dog to we walked while you are taken free weekends ouside the city.
           To conclude, the ability to cooperate nowadays is useful for the person because it gives a more social credibility and self satisfaction, a chance for a stronger career and the oportunity to ask and receive help from the people you are coopereting with.