"In today's world, the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past."

I disagree with this statement, largely because i believe that it is far easier to live an isolated life in our modern society than it was in previous times.

Take, for instance, the basic human needs of shelter and food.  When people lived as nomadic tribes, it was essential for all members of the group to work together, to build basic shelters and to gather or hunt for food. Both of these tasks were community tasks, and required the participation of more than one person to be successful.  Today, many people live alone in large apartment complexes. They do not have to cooperate with anyone, unless they wish to, to have adequate basic shelter, and to provide their own meals. The availability of prepared foods in many different forms obviates any need to work with someone else to ensure that one has an adequate food supply.

In the workplace, many jobs today are also "self-contained" to a large extent.  People can work on a project on a home computer, or perform experiments in a laboratory, without any significant co-operation from another person. Even in an assembly -line job, everyone has a specialized funtion, and although his or her job is essential to the final product, that person may not have to cooperate directly with anyone else.  Working conditions are also less hazardous than they were. For instance in industry, one's survival during the industrial revolution may well have depended on how well one worked with all the people crowded into the same dimly-lit, ill-equipped work space as oneself, whereas today industry is highly regulated and adheres to strict safety codes. Also, much of the heavy labour, previously requiring two or more peolple to perform, is now done by machines, operated by one human being.

Having made the argument that the ability to cooperate well with others is less important than it was in the past, i would like to add that it would however make the world a better place if , in today's world, people were willing to cooperate well with others!