I do not believe that the ability to cooperate well with others is "far more" important than it was in the past. Cooperation is a skill vital to any human being in any time because humans are social animals, no matter when and where in history. Cooperation is always needed to complete a task; it's timeless. It's not more important now than was long ago, nor certainly less consequential.
	We all know learning to cooperate--teamwork--is very importatnt. We do not need anyone to tell us that. Why? Because we've experienced it ever since we were born and learned it by heart. Surely we all know sports require teamwork and the ability to cooperate; a player cannot lead the team to victory if he or she does not communicate with his or her teammates and respect their ideas. But what are some other cases in which cooperation is important? They're everywhere. We cooperate in school. We participate in group projects or in school bands. All members of the group or the band must do their part thoroughly to receive a good grade or some popularity. Even in society, there are project teams into which a business firm is divided. We cannot dare call cooperation inconsequential today.
	So what about back then, long ago? Times before the industrialization and modernism eras--people had to live on farming mostly. Farming is a process that (not necessarily "requires" but) could be faciliated with cooperation. There are certain procedures in which a lot of labor is needed. Sure, they might not have had much labor force, but it doesn't mean that they were *unneeded*.
	We could even go back to ancient times--or prehistoric. Before agriculture settled in, people had to live as nomads, gathering food from hunting or picking fruits and berries. Men had to go out to hunt, and women had to stay home and take care of their young. If either group had not done their part, the whole clan would starve to death or at least fail to thrive. With the weapons of the time, the men could not have hunted beasts alone. They had to move in packs and corner it, pierce it from behind. Even the tools they had were products of cooperation of their fathers' times, further up the generation.
	The ability to cooperate is needed to improve the quality or the haten the speed of it, and it is conspicuously reflected in history. The world we live in is no different; we are social entities that crave empathy and help, and learning to cooperate with each other is probably the only solution to that problem.