There is a statement stating that in today's world good cooperation is important than that in the past. I can see the essence of cooperation. Therefore, I strongly agree with the statement that the ability to coorperate efficiently in today's world is way more essencial that in the past. There are several reasons and examples for my perspective.  

First, the world is smaller so every thing is more related in order to avoide mistakes. For example, applying to a graduate school in a university requires many things, such as recommendations, resumes or test scores. Talking about test scores, which are given services by ETS. If a university does not have a good cooperation with ETS in reporting scores, then receiving scores late or lacking of accuracy, the decision of the committee maybe delays. Thus, to announce the decision on time, it requires efficient coorperation. 

Furthermore, well coorperation can enhance the quality of the outcome. For example, a computer company mostly sells its computers via Internet. In order to deliver its products, it needs a professional in delivering of the delivery company. if these two companies lack of good cooperations, the two companies will not run in the businesses for long time. Customers will not buy computers from the computer company because the delay of the products, and will not use the delivery service of the delivery company because they know it lacks of efficiency. 

Moreover, all businesses run faster and need more speed of coorperation. Unlike today, businesses in the past, such local stores or traditional marts were slow operation. They trended to be retardly individual and independent. Therefore they did not need to cooperate to other business. On the other hand, today's world businesses try to get each other involved to run businesses perfectly fast. Thus they need good cooperation to increase their speed of competition.

In conclusion, I assert that in today's world well organized cooperation is requisite. Many businesses will not be able to stay in long lives if they are insufficient in cooperation among them.    