Nowadays our society has been changing more international. Communication ability is getting more imprtant. I totally agree with this statement that thesedays the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than in the past. Of course it is because of grovarisation. To servive in this world skills of socialization is quite important.
Firstly, look around. At least I can see many different nation of people around me. Recently many people are moving to other country to get a job or to study. We need to communicate various kinds of people to success your life. When you ar in a problem, only your friends or family can help you. In advance you need to make many friends in some different places. Otherwise you will get in trouble and you cant fix it up by your self. For example, now I'm living in New York by my self. The New York is not my home country. I came here to study art. In this country I am totally weak. My family is in Japan. I can only rely on my friends. Also I am not good at English and customs of the United States. So I always need someone's help. Only what I can do in advance is making lots of friend. In the past there are so many Japanese but now there are only few Japanese. The ability of socializing is required to live in here by your self.
Secondly, the ability to cooperate is nessesary to get a good job. Compared with past, our business has been complicated. We need to help each other. For example, I am a person of computer art. We need to have many different knowledge such as music, art, motion making, story telling and so on. We can never work individually. And to make big project, we need to make a group. If you are bad at cooperating, you loose a job seriously. Now we cannot be a person who can do anything by ourself. The society has been changing. We need to cooprate well.
Finally, you need to cooperate well with others when you are in relationship with someone. Comparing with old days, people get married older. Now most of women married when they are like around thirty years old. So the making leration ship with someone has been complicated. We already can not be in relationship with someone easily. We need to cooperate well anytime to see you as a good person. And you need to share knowledge about making relationship with someone. For example, now have got damped by a girl. She is to tally not understandable to me. I need to know about love well. Then I need to talk with older people to get some advices. And I realised that I need to know gilrs well. To make a new gilr friend I need to cooperate well with others. That is the best way to make a relationship I believe. 
Thus to live in this world, now the ability to cooperate is required to you.