Our society is constantly changing as technology evolves. However, our view of an efficient work is changing dramatically as people is giving more importance to interpersonal relationships and interactions. In today's world, the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past. Such affirmation is confirmed by the emerging importance of the human resources in enterprises, how the economy of several countries is focusing more on services than in manufacturing industries and the importance that is araising in many countries about giving a better way of living to their populations.
	Around the 70's, some researchers started to study the human behavior at work and how to improve the relationship between workers and their jobs. Many investigations have started after that wich suggest that the human resources in a company are very important for the improvement and success of a business. That is why at the present, there are a lot of emphasis on team work, since combinig the kwoledge and skills of many people is better when developing a business or project.
	In addition to that, economy in countries such as the United States and others in Europe are focused on the industry of services. Currently, more and more people need of others to complete many tasks in the daily life. Those who work in the service industry should know how to treat clients and most important, identify their needs and help the clients satisfy them. 
	Moreover, it is currently araising a strong need, specially in European countries such as Sweden, of having a helathier way of life that do not only include healthy food and regular exercise, but changing working and living patterns. Government, companies and employees work together to find better ways of living. For instance, in Sweden there is a law that gives a whole year of vacation for the couple that has a new child. Companies follow this rule and the couple can decide who should stay at home taking care of the baby and for how long.
	Currently, many trends are changing in society. We are transferring from a world where machines and production lines were the most important, into a society that considers the human aspect as the most important factor for improvement and evolution. 
	