This statement is an example of a very common idea: that modern time is radically different from any other age. This is true in many ways, but some basic characteristics of human soociety take a long time to change. Therefore, ' the past'  in this statement should be a distant past, otherwise the comparison makes little sense. For the purposes of this discussion, I will chose the Middle Ages. 
  I do not think that the ability to cooperate well with others is more important today that it was in the past. It is true that farmers and craftsmen often work on their own, and that team work is typical for a complex society like ours. Modern industrial and bureaucratic processes are so complex that they cannot be handled by individuals. 
  On the other hand, modern Western society can be characterized as individualized. Modern technology means that you can live your comfortably without participating in social activities. In fact, many people do so. People who live in large cities often don't know who lives next door. This is unthinkable in Middle Age society. 
  Apart from the fact that by any modern standard there were no cities in the Middle Age, this anonymous way of life would be impossible. You simply wouldn't survive, because bureacratic and economic procedures were not standardized in any way. There was no insurance, for example, except for the lucky few who were members of guilds. In the Middle Ages, people were very much dependent on the society they were part of. That is why excommunication was a real punishment: not only because the prospect of hell, but because in many cases it literally meant being  'thrown out of society'. 
  German sociologist Mannheim famously characterized the transition between these forms of society as the transition from 'Gemeinschafft' to 'Gesellschaft'. The transition has been located in different periods by different historians. It is often lamented, but there it is. Either we believe that we live in a individualized society, or most modern intellectuals are complaining for no reason at all. I believe the first, therefore I do not believe the statement. 

