I definetly support the argument that the ability to cooperate is very critical not only to enterprise's devolpment but also to personal life and career in nowdays than past time.

Firstly, since more and more technical means are applied, we could contact people whereever they stay, however they use and whenever they are. As a global enterprise, we should deal with all kinds of  people ,in different race, different region.  So the skill to corpearte with them is very important in the management of company. An outstanding employee could communicate his customers ,his folks
,his boss smoothly rather than his report skills or professional aspect.

Secondly, For a good leader of one company, how to balance the benife between the shareholder and his stuff is very imporatant character. So he couldn't climb the upper ladder without  a good communication way.  How to hold a good speech and answer the difficult question brought by his"boss" and which way is the moderate one to guide and lead his follews, those problem are arised in the leader's brain everyday, if he want to be a quailfied master.

Lastly, as my experience of project, the way to cooperate well with my colleage is very critical.  Why? We should create a project, though, the plan has been designed but the manager, we also bring out our view ,whatever they are postive or negative. In this discussion, let me make example to illustrate my point,maybe someone who is not the "big man" in the team could get the appreicate to move his view on .Why? Because he or she knows the way to get the approvement from others. Instead, a genious people without good character to communicate with others  is hard to get the promotion easily or his folks' agreement  As before, maybe we could take this hero as the higher lever, but now it is definitely NOT. The cooperation skill in team would play a important role in the succeessful projection. 

All in all, we could find that the ability to get alone with other is far more impornant than ever.

