	Nowadays, it seems that individuals are more valued than the group. People live in a fast, well-informed society and tend to spend much time alone. I disagree withe the statement that the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important in today's world than in the past because the invention of computer or the Internet actually demonstrates more on the individual capacity and the development of technology makes the whole work of something distributed.
	First, the computer and the Internet stress one's individual strength more rather than cooperation. Since the computer makes a work a lot faster and the Internet gives various information about different topics,places,people or subjects, people become that they do not need other people's knowledge or specialties. They just look up the Internet, find something, and get organized by using computers. People do not have to get together to hear other people's opinion or knowledge. Cooperation is not necessary. Furthermore, more and more people these days work at home and just send their works to the company by using the Internet. These clearly show that the invention of the computers and the Internet demonstrates one's individual work capacity.
	Second, the development of the technology distributes to the various sections. In the past, all peoples and all sections gathered together to make one product. They share their opinions and together, they made a product. It was not speciallized back then. However, people nowdays only demonstrate on single part or section which they are speciallized at. All parts of the producing process are distributed regarding each person and section's specialty and these individual works are, then, combined together after all. Moreover, many processes are computerized so that the cooperation becomes not a major problem.
	In conclusion, the today's world, in fact, needs the individual ability more because the computer makes people work faster and informed well. Also, the speciallized work process creates the environment for working alone.