Nowadays, is it far more important for people to have cooperative ablility with others than in the past is a hot issue . Although some people may think there is no difference between now and in the past. In my point of view, however, people's cooperative skill is much more important now than in the past. The reason are listed as follows.

Needless to say that with the technology development in recent years, people's skills need to upgrade quickly than before. In our workplace, for example, we used Windows98 computer operating system several years ago, now we use Windows XP because of its better functions. If we have a computer technical support or system administrator who is skills on computers, we may ask something we don't understand well about the new computer system. Those different skills we need everywhere not just in the workplace even in daily life. 

Another fact I have known from the job search program that people nowadays change their jobs seven to ten times in their lives which means the society has changed faster and faster. There are always new opportunities for people to enter. For employers, it means they need people should be more responsible and cooperative. If one employee want to leave, he must let the employers to know earlier so that the employer can arrange everything can be shifted smoothly. On the other hand, the employer also need to be ooperative and to let the employee go. People have more freedom today than before as a result of people's cooperative. Another example is several years ago, my coworker want to go to another department in the same bank, but my general manager didn't agree. If it happaned now, I think the employee would not accept the decision made by the general manager.

Last but not least reason is that our society are developed, people are expected more virtue and ethic standard from the society which means people must to cooperative instead of selfish or seperated. With the development and globlelization, people are share more and more knowledge, technology and resources which means there are more opportunities to communicate to each other. In order to have a harmanious society, we have to cooperate to each other and then get a good quality of lives.

To sum up, there are so many reasons can support that cooperative  ability is much more important than in the past.  