It is generally accepted that nowadays being able to cooperate with other members of the society is of greater importance than it used to be in the past. Among the reasons which could be pointed out to prove this statement are complexity of life and the ongoing globalization in the world, the interaction among different entities and individuals and the fast-changing environment in which we live today.

Nobody today denies the existence of the process of globalization in the world. Indeed our planet has become smaller - we are able to travel faster from one point to another, send informaiton more quickly exchange merchandise in only hours between two distant countries. Therefore, working together with other partners on a project, for instance, is vital to its successful completion. The Airbus company is based in several European countries and each contributes with experience and know-how to building airplanes. There are a lot of other examples of companies which operate on two continents. There was no need of such co-operation in the past. Nevertheless, the technological progress made this possible today. 

Undoubtedly, the world is changing at a very fast pace namely because of the technological advancement. New discoveries are being made one after another. In order to be able to survive in this environment, people need to work together and help each other. My parents, for instance, cannot work with computer. However , they gradually begin to need this at their working place and they rely on me to teach them. On the other hand, there were no computers and such complicated  technologies in the past.  

It is exactly this complexity today that compells us to cooperate with each other. We often need the advice of a lawyer or a specialist in other field because we ourselfs are not able to know everything and have all kinds of skills. That is why specialization is a common phenomenon in our society. It allows us to rely on other people's knowledge and cooperate with those people to solve our problems.

Taking into account all the reasons pointed above, we could conclude that co-operation is much more important today than it was say a couple of centuries ago because of the rapid pace of development of our world and its growing complexity.