
  Nowdays, the society deman people to have lots of abilities Especially, the ability to socialize, and to cooperate will with others has become far more important, since the development of technology has brought many changes to the human society. 

  As the technology has developed, the time we have to spend with other people has increased. The advent of telephones and the internet, made it possible to contact with people more than we did back in the past. We spend way more hours with other people, therefore we must learn how to cooperate well with others to get recognition from the society, or to suceed. For exampele, I had problems with getting along with my friends, because I was lacking of the ability to socialize. If I had lived in the Middle Ages, it would have been okay, but the reailty was different. Every task, every action that I do requires the ability to cooperate will with others, and the amount of times that I have to contact with others were too much for me.  I couldn't talk well, when I get calls, and I couldn't meet with people with ease. Though I had been an exellent student in my school, I couldn't success, mainly because I was lacking the ability to cooperate, but the fact that the time we have to spend with other people has increased made my life harder. 

   Another change that the development of the technology has brought is that people become able to share knowledge, therefore, there was no monoploy of having information. The power of having information, has greatly reduced; nowdays people will have difficulties to succeed when they cannot cooperate well with others, eventhough they were best students in their universities. Since many people equally, know lots of facts and knowledges, this merit has become 'useless'  The society started to require another skill in order to suceed. Lacking of the ability to socialize, has become an hugh obstacle for people who are not very sociable, to suceed in their life. 
    
   The development of technology has changed the world. Due to the advent of the internet, and cell phones, people have to contact with others more than they did before, thus, making the ability to cooperate will with others important. People began to share their knowledge and information, so people need to have the ability to socialize, and cooprerate well with others, in order to succed, making the ability far more important, and even essential than it was in the past.