One of the important aspects of life that governs success is mutual cooperation, and as the common proverb says "two heads are better than one", many concrete achievements could come into fruition if the individual cooperated with his/her colleague.

Today's globalization patterns are fast in their pace, hence the need for cooperation goes beyond individuals to even country levels. In order to reach for your desired outcomes, you should consider three major factors that ensure a successful business. 

Mutual respect and understanding, willingness to help, and enthusiasm.Collectively, they are the flip side for the cooperation coin. However, in order to secure the ability to cooperate with others in different realms, there are other three factors should be available and sustainable. These are named the 3M factors, which stands for money, material, and manpower.

The availability of financial resources is essential for booming the environment that encourages cooperation among personnel, also this per se will increases the capability of material and infrastructure recruitment. Eventually, the presence of the qualified manpower in the specific field governs by itself the success of cooperated work within the specific institution.

A good example would be the current Iraqi situation of political chaos, where the presented Iraqi governement council is supposed to be represening the different Iraqi ethnolinguistic groups. The evident lack of cooperation among the members of this council is considered, in part the basis for the dreadful situation the Iraqis facing.

This country has the three M factors stated above, yet it misses the other three factors representing the other flipside of the coin; by lacking mutual understanding and respect, which are important tesera pieces in the cooperation mozaic, the country is split apart and there is no any sign of cooperated effort for rehabilitating the infrastructures and rebuilding the society again.

It is not a process of making leaders from a scratch, rather a process of making the leaders understand how to cooperate with their peers to achieve their people needs. The unavailability of that sense made the atmospher there to fillful the common American proverb: "too many Chiefs, not enough Indians".

In sum, cooperation is a must.