Cooperation had always been the most important factor in human society. From the primitive era the humans always had to live in groups, getting and providing support for others. Humans still tend to live together as a result of this inveterate habit.  However, is it still important for people in the contemporary society to cooperate well, as it was in the past? Our contemporary society is more civilised and advanced than before. My argument is that the ability to cooperate well with others is far less important than it was in the past, since one does not need others to go through the life anymore in such civilised society. I will extend my argument through three points; the nature of capitalism, the inherent human nature and the evolving society.

Our world revolves around capitalism. Capitalism is the kind of society when everyone earns money according to their unique skills. In a capitalist society cooperation is not necessary; one can live well as long as they possess certain skills that can enable them to earn money. Capitalist society is about individual needs and abilities. The word 'individual' means that we are alone and does not require other people's help. For example, we all have our own bank accounts. That means that we have the right over our own properties and do not need anyone to care about them. Although we have other people, such as bank managers, who care about our properties, that does not necessarily mean cooperation. Thus the ability to cooperate well with others is not needed, due to one's capabilities taking care of individual matters. 

The inherent human nature also prevents us from truly cooperating with each other. To explore this issue one can have a look at communism, where everyone is supposed to live in harmony and 'cooperation. Communism, the ultimate egalitarian stage after the transitional stage of socialism, always tends to fail due to the inborn human egoism. Even Russia, the first country which attempted to set up a communist country, failed due to the massive dissension from peasants. As shown from the failure of Russia, we only care about ourselves in the end. There is no such society where everyone can cooperate well with others; thus in today's world, the ability to cooperate well with others is not needed, since the true cooperation cannot take place.  

Our evolving society also allows less cooperation to be held among people. The techonology has evolved dramatically. One does not need anyone to deliver the mails, for there is an email system. One does not need to find entertainment from the interaction with other people, because the technology can also provide various means of entertainment. Why do we need to cooperate with others when we already have someone else, for example our computer, to help us? The advent of newer technologies means that one day we would not have to interact anyone, in person to person, anymore. 

In conclusion, I think the ability to cooperate well with others is not needed in the contemporary society, and hence it can be regarded as useless. The inherent capitalism in our society allows individuals to get on with their lives through the use of their unique abilities. Additionally, the inherent human egoism also prevents us from truly cooperating with each other. Our evolving society, which has so much technological improvements, distance us more from each other. From these reasons I disagree with the statement, since the ability is cooperate with others is not 'needed' in the contemporary society.
 

 