At first I want to point out that there is a difference between behaviour of the people today and the behaviour of people in the past: 
Today a lot of people have the chance to go to school or to study; In the past there were not these chances. That is why there is a difference between the ability to cooperate with today in contract to the abilty to cooperate in the past: 
Now I explain my point of view:

In my opinion the high education standards today is the most important reason why it is easier to cooperate with other people than in the past. All people in germany have to go to school. In school everybody learns the values of the civilization. There are only a few people who did not understand these values. 
A long time ago there was no school and that is why  a lot of people did not learn the most important values of the cilivization. 
I want to underline my point of view with an example:
Today, in school, the childreen have to rise their hands to  say something. If another child is speaking no one else will speak. In these early years of the life the childreen learn the fact to listen while someone else is speaking.
A long time ago there was no school. The childreen learn everything from their parents. If the parents do not explain their childreen this important fact they do not understand why it is so important.
Furthermore it is one of the most important fact in companies to cooperate with the collegues:
Big companies often offer different courses to get a better way of communication and cooperation. 
I worked in a company in which the management was convinced that satisfied employee work in a better way. They pointed out if the workes have a good way to cooperate each other, they will be more satisfied. 
Thats why it was an important fact at the job interview to show the mangement that qou have the qualification to cooperate with other people in a good way consequently today it is an important fact to have the qualification to cooperate with others well.
Let me conclude by saying today it is nessesary for peoples career to learn how to cooperate with other peoples and that is the fact why today it is easier to cooperate well with others.