We lived in a world full of means of communication. With the development of the Internet, the mobile phone and now the VoIP, means of communication cannot be hold for responsible of a misunderstanding.

But back in the fifties or even in the beggining of our century, all this means of communication did not exist. And so, in the heart of the cold war, the development of a red line, actually a telescripter was a huge increase in the communication between the two leaders of the world. Cooperation was at this time reserved to countries, who were friend countries or foes. There were no global corporations or only a few.

Today, cooperation has extended to a new dimension. In fact cooperation is no longer used to talk about an agreement between countries but to specify a relation between people. All industries corporations and organisations tend to be global and their members work with each other a lot to reach the same goal. 

In fact cooperation between countries has reached a new gap. After the European Union, which was at the beginning a commercial agreement between six countries at the end of the war, and is now on the edge of becoming a federation of countries, many other treaties and cooperation agreements have been signed. There is for example the ALENA, the MERCOSUR or even the Kyoto protocol.

And that is only states cooperation. In corporation, cooperation has reached the point where people can work together on the same computer and at the same time from all around the world. There are computer games that have to be played in a cooperation mode in which you are allied with a guy who do not even speak your language and you share the same goals and the same party!

Technology have brought to our world a huge ability to exchange between people who did not understand each other before. This is why I reckon that yes, in today's world the ability to cooperate well with others is far, and in a huge amount, more important than it was in the past. Our world has become a country town.