In my opinion, in today's world the ability to cooperate well with others is less important than it was in the past for several reasons. These will be explained in the following lines.

First of all, in a proffesional enviroment with today's advancements in technology, you are able to be efficient in your task with minimum interaction and cooperation with other empoyees, because you interact mainly with the computer. In fact, you could even work almost on your own and affect in a positive way the success of a company. For example, if you are a programmer you could spend months in the development of a program that is going to be used by hundreds of people, but you develop it on your own without cooperating with anybody, and once it's done it will help all of those employees to be more efficient in their tasks. 

Besides, the technology has provided easier ways to cooperate with others and therefore the need to develop the ability of cooperation has decreased over the years. Nowadays you can communicate via e-mail or text messaging, and you don't need to be in the office to do this, you  can do it from your comfortable home. For example, fifty years ago if someone needed help with a complicated task at work and you weren't there, you would have to go to the office to cooperate with this person, but today you could access a remote desktop and show him.

On the other hand, with the technology everyone can be more independent, instead of depending on someone for a specific activity, you can depend on a new technological gadget that serves the same purpose, and therefore the need for cooperation is diminished. For example, today you can print as many times as you want, your pictures taken with your digital camera, withou having to go to a special store to print them and depending on the cooperation of the store clerk.

In conclusion,  the fast advacenments of technology are diminishing the need to develop the ability of cooperation, by providing the means to be more independent.

