	People have always needed to cooperate with other people. Would I say that the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important in today's world than it was in the past? No. Somewhat more important? Not necessarily. I would say "important" is a relative term here. Today, for an employee of a big company cooperating well with other members of a team is definitely important. But is it more important than, say, to a prehistoric man to cooperate with other members of his tribe on a hunt in order to catch food necessary for survival? Both are trying to make a living, but if the company employee isn't able to cooperate, he would still probably not die.
	Throughout history people have needed to cooperate with other people in order to survive or make a living. Since I have not lived for that long, I can't know for a fact what it was like for my grandparents living in Finland in the early to mid 20th century. They all grew up on farms and continued to live on them for a long time and as far as I know, farming requires some cooperation. The people you work with might be relatives, but still you have to be able to cooperate with them in order to run the farm properly and to make a living.
	I think it is true that at schools and companies today group work is valued more than before. I have seen the change happen myself. During my first few years at school we did hardly any projects in a group, but towards the end of my 12 years at school group projects got more and more common. Also, it seems that in business, research etc. everything is done in groups today. So cooperation skills are definitely needed to advance in today's society.
	In my opinion, maybe the biggest difference there is between cooperation in the past and cooperation today, is that today you will have to be able to cooperate with very different people. You might end up working on the same project with people from the other side of world, from a completely different culture, whereas before you only had to know how to cooperate with your relatives or members of your tribe, whose background and culture was very much like yours.