I agree that it has become far more important to cooperate in today's world than it was in the past.

The first reason is that our societies have evolved greatly and we have developed social interdependencies. For example, it is important that while living in a residential society, we cooperate with other fellow residents, so that all can live in happiness and good health.Similarly while visiting a public place like a club or a movie theatre, we cooperate with administration and follow their rules so that noone is made uncomfortable.The same idea also applies to our professional environments, where we would need to work together with our colleagues to ensure that work gets done smoothly. Since earlier socitieties were often family-based and had reduced interaction with others, the importance of cooperation was less.However in the current day scenario, cooperation in every walk of life has become an important part of an individual's personality.

Another reason why cooperation has become more important in today's world is because knowledge and enterprise have become much more global and distributed.For example, trade and enterprise alliances are becoming a norm in today's world where different entities with diverse but specialized knowlede need to come together for common goals and objectives. The same idea extends to countries too.Trade agreements, acts and treaties are signed by two or more countries to cooperate and help each other to grow business and hence economy of the countries.In the past however, the cooperation was limited and hence benefits too. But with the visualization of the potential of growth in account of globalization and the advent of the technological revolution, individuals and organisations  today need to cooperate and make alliances to grow and stay in competetion.

Additionally, cooperation has become important to create global consensus on fundamental aspects of human life which link directly to world peace and harmony.United Nations is the best example. It is important that countries all over the world, cooperate with each other to garner opinion and provide needed support-materials and human to affected parts of the world.With increasing volatile environments in many parts of the world, leaders of the world need to work together to make the world a safer place of all humans.

In conclusion, I hence feel that in today's world, cooperation at all levels-  individual, organisation and country, has become more important than ever before.