The ability ot cooperate well with others has always been as important as it is now. What has changed is the nature of the cooperation as a consequence of changes in the way we communicate.
The most important change that humanity has seen in the last few centuries is the globalization of human relations in aspects as diverse as economics, politics, arts and religion. This is especially true of the last decade, when the possibility for any two regions in the world to communicate was enhanced by the internet. In this way, cooperation is now possible with much less regard for distance, and the time frame of it has shortened as well. Although changes in political life sometimes took centuries to be noticed in older times, the same changes might be seen in a matter of years or even months nowadays.
However, these changes in the characteristics of communication have not affected the importance of cooperation per sei. To understand this it would be useful to compare significantly distant points in the evolution of human society. Before civilization turned sedimentary about 10,000 years ago, tribes were strucutred and hierarchical. Every member of a tribe had a role, whether it was to hunt and collect, to take care of children or to teach and to lead. In those times, cooperation was not only important, but it was essential for the day-to-day survival. A modern-day analogy would be that of a company. In an increasingly competitive business world, it is important for a company to maximize its human resources by promoting cooperation between all of its components.
One could argue that in science, for example, cooperation is much more important today, as the continuous advancements call for updating research and for the complementing of ideas between people or even institutions. However, the importance of cooperation was as important 300 years ago, when science was in its adolescence. The difference is that the communication between scientists was not as accesible and, truly, there were not as many scientists.