
In contemporary world, it is far more important to cooperate well with others when compared with situations in the past. The reasons are three-folded.
Firstly, nowadays it is less likely for  people to avoid coming into contact with the others when compared with people in the past. As technologies improve the health care of man, they tend to live longer and have a lower mortality rate. This implies a maga population. With more people and constant living areas, people are more likely to meet the others. Also, people lived very sparsely in the past and the transportation was not as convenient as it is. With better connection among villages, towns and cities, people do meet others often, so it is unavoidable for them to cooperate with others. As you are to meet more people,  it becomes more important to cooperate well with others.
Secondly, people tend to become more dependent on others than in the past. People used to be self-sufficient, they could make all their daily neccesities by themselves. For instance, they could make their own food and tools and  build their own house. However, things are different nowadays. People seldom make their own things, instead, they buy them from the others. As you are dependent on the others, it is important to cooperate well with them.
Besides, the devision of labour is much more detailed as people become more dependent on each other. Let's take the example of a manufacturing a car. No single personnel is responsible for the whole manufacturing process of the car. The car is in deed the cooperation of the work of a designer, a steel-maker, an assemble worker and many other professionals. As you can see, it is really important to cooperate well with the others.
Last but not least, human nowadays are facing tougher chanllenges than their ancestors. Water and air pollutions, global warming, nuclear crisises are now posing threats to the entire world. These are huge problems to tackle with and it requires the cooperation of countries. 
Therefore, it is far more important to cooperate well with others when compared with the past.