	Compared to the past, today's world has several different aspects. And it is quite a controversial issue whether the ability to cooperate has became a more significant trait in these days or not. But in my opinion, the ability to work well with others has became much more important, because there are more need for interactions with others, and the works have been more complicated these days.
             First of all, cooperating well with people has became more important because there are much more need for interactions with people these days. Unlike the past when people just need to study and work individually by learning basic techniques, today's workplaces are full of new technology developing so rapidly that it is even hard to keep up with, and therefore the dependency toward other individuals have increased significantly. Nowadays we need to interact with others more often to share information or knowledge in order to be more competitive than others. For example, since numerous, new computer programs are coming out, it is essential to cooperate with others to learn the skills to handle those programs and devices,, or be used to them. In other words, without helping others and cooperating with others, it is far much harder to bring success to works these days. 
	Furthermore, since the works are being more complicated and harder to do it by oneself, the cooperation skill is being valued more than anytime in past. Usually the works are more complex and difficult these days, since there are much more things related to certain projects. In other words, because individual needs are being more diversified and complexed, people now need to consider much more things, which eventually make works far much complicated. And as the solution to that, in today's world, the skill to cooperate well with others is considered more important than in the past.
	There have been lots of changes made recently, compared to the past. New technology has become widely available and works are getting more and more difficult to handle by one's own abilitiy. So, I personally think that the ability to work well or cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past. 