Nowadays, that life has become more complex and the industrial and bussiness sectors require high level of specialization, good cooperation and communication between people is of the highest importance to make a company successful and an industrial plant run smoothly. 
In the past where most bussinesses were small family companies that knowledge and trade was past from father to son, a single human could hold a multitude of roles within the same company: be the general manager, handle the financial matters, inspect production and even belong to the producting department of the company. In our days, a successfull company commands that the general manager will be the one to manage the departments, but each department will have a departmental manager, such as production manager, financial manager and so on and so forth. There will be the office personell, secretaries, accountants, etc and the workers, if an industrial unit. Each one of the beforemention shall have the appropriate training and academic qualifications. Take into account that recently corporate governance has been the issue of the day, especially for countries that joined the European Community recently, one understands that there are more department and positions in companies nowadays, than less than half a century ago. So it is obvious that only through good cooperation through all these departments and employees will the work be done. 
Let's just imagine a typical production company and its departments ancd employees. Now, there is the board of directors, the president, the counselors, the general manager, the financial department, the designing department, if any, the quality inspection department and the production plant. Even if there was only one person in each of the above mention positions, something highly unlikely, there would be at least five people more that the number of people in a family business in the past, taken that the production department would also include an employee or an apprentice, most likely a younger family memeber that would follow the owner's instructions as commands. In our example for this company to work properly, and make a profitable turnover, the eigth above mentioned departments should work together as parts of a well-greased engine, with minimum friction, that is with minimum argues and confrontations.
   The fact that good cooperation is of most importance in our days, more than before, is that companies that want to run properly, adopt what is called the code of Corporate governance, to ensure that employees work as they are supposed to, and departments communicate appropriately and right steps are taken to minimise any risk of misconducting work and maximise good cooperation. 