I agree with this statement. The ability to cooperate with others is far more important nowadays that it was in the past for the following reasons
First, everybody has to go to work, school, or any other institution  where the interaction with a group of people, or a team, is basic to get the chores or tasks done. The level and quality of cooperation and mutual understanding helps activities to flow better and make the work environment more friendly and easy going. 
The world today requires a higher level of cooperation with the peers than it required in the past, simply because our ancestors did not have to interact with others as much time as we need to do it now. This was mainly due to the fact that the kind of activities they did, demanded a more individual approach. 
A housewife for example, or a farmer, did not have to work with a group in the house or the farm, as much as we have to work with a team and peers in the office today.
On the other hand, it is not only the work, but also the family, that requires more cooperation than before. Since we have an increasing number of working members within a single family, it is only with cooperation that all the house chores can be successfully done. For example, a two-working-parents family needs the children to take care of their bedrooms, their beds, their stoneware or even the laundry when the mother is out for work. It also might need the father doing certain chores such as sweeping the house or cleaning the dinner dishes. This is the only way how we can combine and fit many activities in our busy lifestyle.
In the past, Mexican culture in general had a more chauvinist approach, where the mother was supposed to be in charge of the house exclusively, and the father was supposed to be the support of the family circle. Today the approach is for a more cooperative society where more activities can be done, but also where more involvement of each member is necessary.
Therefore, in our day-to-day activities, cooperation plays a key role. Because it is only cooperation, mutual support and positive attitude that people can achieve higher goals, and get further in life.