	This world changes everyday. Almost all situations are quite different from before. There are more cars and more efficient transportations. There are more resource you can get easily. But at the same time, there are more problems occured those you did not have before, like powerful weapons problems, computer virus problems, and etc.

	The world becomes more progressive. It is impossible as pure as the world before. In many situations you might need more resource to help you to solve the problems. The situations need the ability to cooperate well with others is far more important than it was in the past. The reason why I agree this issue according to servel parts of our socity. In the following paragraphs are the main reasons.

	Looking everything around you, most of them are the products from high-tech technologies. The computers, the mobile phones, the digital camaras, and the IPods, each of them are the newer the better. Every high-tech companies want to earn more money from their products. They have to invite new skills and produce the new product day by day. In order to win this competition, they need more people to work in each project. As the team grows up, the ability to cooperate well with others becomes important. If you can't cooperate well with other people, you can't do anything efficency. You can't do the project efficency, you can't earn money quickly. This is the reason you need the cooperation ability.

	Day by day, the jobs you have to do are not easy anymore than before. Your loads become heavier and heavier.  The problems you have to solve becoming bigger and bigger. But 24 hours a day, 7 days a week can't be changed. The problem you can solve before contains more factors now. If you still want to solve it on your schedule, you need someone, some more people to help you. As the group bigger, the cooperation becomes important.

	There are still a lot of examples and situations I have not mentioned about but important. Cooperation is the most important issue for team works. At the same time, people can't live without other people. You have to relay on each other. As a result, cooperation ability 100% need
	