I support the statement that says that is more important to choose to study subjects you are interested in, instead of choose subjects to prepare for a job or career. I agree with this statement because I belive that if we do something that we like, we are going to find good job and we can do career about this issue.
For example when I choose to study linguistics I decided it because I like it. My parents said to me that I would not find a job or that may be I would not will get enough money to life. But I did not care about those thinks, I just was inlove with linguistics. Now I have job and also I am doing an M.A. I mean, if you choose to do something that you realy like, you are going to do your best effort. An if you are the best one in your career, is very probable that you are going to have a good job. When I am teaching to my students in the college, I use to say them that linguistics is like art. You should choose it like career just because of pleassure. Not because of posible future jobs or money.   
When people choose to study an issue that they do not like, they often do not get good jobs. Also they do not continue with a long time preparation like an MA or a PhD. So this people just care to have a nice job and do what they most to do each day with out feelings. They never do their best becase what they do is not a worthy goal for them.
For me, if you decide what to study with love, you can know that you will have job and that you can make an excellent career. In addition, because of my decition of studing linguistics no matter that there are not enough jobs or money for this discipline. I use to do my best with out being expecting something. And all the people notice this and appreciate more my effort. So they help me with my academic career and with jobs and everything. 

Based on my eperience I support the idea that says that is better to choose to study subjects that you are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or a career, even if you do not like them. The interest and love for an issue make us to do our best effort and this brings good thinks, including a good job and a good career.