     I am in full consent with the statement made. It is important to choose to study subjects you are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career.In the following paragraphs, I choose to prove my stance on the same.
    True happiness lies in our heart.This one statement aptly summarizes my point of view. As children we always do things that drive us or motivate us.As selfish as it sounds,this is an innate quality in all human beings. We definitely carry this on even through our adulthood.Hence,going against this only hampers our success and sense of self satisfaction as well. It is very important that we study subjects that inspire and motivate us. This not only helps us attain our so-called "nirvana",but , in doing so we perform better.
       At work i.e either at college, school or office we become better students, colleagues and employees, as we love what we are doing. This in turn ,results in better productivity . At the school and college level it ensures we get good grades. At the work front,we become performers as our productivity increases. This in turn boosts the well being of the company. Hence, the company moves forward in leaps and bounds.
      Sometimes ,people are lured by the high salaries and they momentarily forget about their passions and interests in life.However, the satisfaction obtained this way is ephemeral. It soon catches up on them. A classic example of the above is as follows.In the last decade with the boom in the IT industry, we have seen a lot of people being drawn into the software black hole. It is definitely very lucrative. But we have also seen more and more people being disgruntled with their job. This leads to high levels of stress and in severe cases depression as well. This is not only a pitfall for the organisation, but it has an adverse effect on the society as well. These disgruntled people tend to take out their frustration on those around which leads to hostile living environments. All this can be rooted to a lack of self satisfaction. 
     Hence,it is very important to choose subjects we are interested in, irrespective of the monetary benefits. This will take us a long way in our career and life as well in terms of being at peace with ourselves and those around us.
      