Every person has different likes and dislikes and they all respond differently to situations. Based on what type of life you want to lead, or what your priorities are is how you should choose your study subjects. There are people who wish to study something that they like and will keep them entertained. Others choose a career that will provide the with enough money to live well. Basically it all depends on wether you want to be emotionally well or economically well. For some people one will lead to other. For example if their they have money then they are happy. On the opposite end there are those who choose to do what makes them happy and not what will make them rich. It all depends on what type of person you are. This is why it is hard to agree or this agree with this statement. You just have to ask yourself, which of these two types of people am I? I personally would choose a career based on what would be more convenient for myself and perhaps the family I might have in the future.
	I disagree with having to study subjects you are interested in because simply, thats not the type of person that I am. I've been taught to believe that economic welfare brings security hence, I have to study something that will keep me safe in this aspect. Other people might not agree with me because they believe that you have to do what will make you happy. But this depends on what is it that will make you happy. I grew up in a family of businessmen, from my parents to my uncles to my grandparents. So I have developed a passion towards the arts of business and an interest to study and learn more about it. I believe that this will make me emotionally safe but at the safe time provide for a safe future economically. Others might feel the same way towards something else this just depends on the person. 
	It is hard to choose a specific side towards this statement since it has many variations. I basically believe it is up to who you are and who you want to be, as I said before I am a career-oriented person and that is what I would pick.