Having read the statement, I personally disagree with having to choose to study subjects I am interested in instead of those that will help me to prepare for a future job or career. 

First of all, it is important to take in mind that the question is focused on my future plans from a proffessional point of view.  Therefore, I think that in that case, it is more important to focus my choices on what I will be planning to be or work on in the future.  

Lets take for example my personal life.  I've always been interested in everything related to aviation, specifically commercial aviation.  During law school, I had to take certain courses that were obligatory in order to complete the requirements needed, but I also had the oppotunity to pick for myself electives or other types of courses that would increase my knowledge in certain subjects of my interest.  As you can see, here we have my first reason on why I disagree on the statement proposed, because eventhough I would've liked to take other courses such as art classes or any other not directly related to my future plans, I finally chose to take the electives and classes that will give me more tools in my career further on.  For that reason, everytime I had the chance to choose a subject to be taught on, I tried always to pick one of my interest, which is really important because I consider that you have to have some type of interest in the subject, but also that had to do with aviation or basically related in some way to that, for example, classes that had to do with regulatory matters, international relations between countries, management courses, etc.

By doing this, not only you are acquiring more experience and knowledge on the subject, but also you are giving yourself the opportuniy to see if you are really interested in what you want to be in the near future.  Having said this, I think it is important to always make your decisions bearing in mind what you want for yourself in the future in order to have a clear idea and know what you are doing at all times.  By doing this, I consider I will be a more prepared professional, with profound convictment of what I am doing for a life, reducing any doubt that may arise on my job or career.