I agree with the topic that a person should study the subjects he or she is more inclined towards rather study a subject based on job opportunity. It is very important to understand the we should try to  incorporate our job or career with what we really love to do. This will increase our effecieny manyfolds. 

	Firstly, a person who likes a subject, is bound to perform well in that particular subject.  I support this statement with my person life  example, when I was in my graduation school. I have an inclination towards mathematics. I have been a scholar throught in this subject. I think it is my liking towards this subject that makes me work more on it. Since I dont mind spending more time with the subject I tend to eplore it in details. 

	Secondly, a person who like a particular subject would go into its details. He will be more focussed and have have more exposure to the subject. For example, a student who takes on art as the major subject has inclination towards only music. However, he has to learn about history also as the part of curriculum of the course. Though at college level he will be attending the same number of lectures for both the subjects, but his knowledge for music will be more indept than of history. The reason being since music being his part of hobby he loves to get more knowledge about it.

	Thridly, I think that letting a job or career opportunity define what you should study is a negative approach. If you are doing things only because you will be able to get job, will not help the cause. There has been so many instance where people having a great career still are not satisfied and they want to move out to things what they really like. This result in less effecient delevery at work and also mental stress.

	Forthly, if a person takes up a course only because of the job or the careed opportunity then he is bound to falter. Job is awarded only to people who excel in their field. If the person does not have the inclination towards a particular subject, he would be reluctant to go into details about it. Also a person who has interest in the same field would be preferred over him, as he will have more knowledge. Hence, the person will be under pressure throught his life to do things what he does not like.

	In sum, I would like to conclude that a person should not let the career or job take over what he wants in life. These things would result in later unstabality as you would find yourself in a place where you never wanted to be.   