	I agree with the statement given, that one should study subject of personal interest, rather than a subject only meant to achieve a career.
	First, when taking a class so that you can get a job in the future, normally, the class is boring.  One reason is that you are taking it unintentionally, but only because you have to.  Second reasoning might be that since it is your "job" to meet their merits, you may slack off or even worse, lose interest in the subject and be unsuccessful in the future.
	By taking classes that reflect your own interest, although it may seem selfish and light-headed, it is better for the person in the longrun.  By making the choice of which class you are going to take by your level of interest in each category makes one distinctive difference between the contrary, that you want to learn the subject.  The example of the first paragraph shows a person who is only interested in the course because he needs a job.  Say, you are interested in vases or glass peices in your house, and you take a glass blowing class.  From the start, you are excited and willing to learn new material on the subject.  Not only that, but by utilizing this interest, you could even find a specific career that involves your favorite activity.  
	From personall experience, I learned that I use my time more efficiently taking classes of my interest.  For example, I like to write.  Stories, essays, you name it, I enjoy it.  So I decided to take a course called creative writing.  It allowed me to express my thoughts through different forms of words, and since my interest was so high, it wasnt really a burden to go to class, like my history class, but a enjoyable thing that i looked forward to.  As a result, I have won many awards on writing contests inside and outside of school, and who knows, this may bring a tremendous career oppurtunity for me.
	I believe that a student should not pick a class because they have to, but to pick a class that interests them the most at that specific moment.  That way, your approach to the subject will be more fertile and rich, in contrast, by "having" to take a course, the appraoch will be dull and tedious.  By finding what you love and by developing that skill, without a doubt, one will find a perfect job/career that suits their personal interest, and that is why I think that it is more important to choose to study subjects you are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare you for a job or career.