To choose subjects in University is one of the most important things in our lives. But sadly, a lot of students tend to think that it is easy to choose the subject in University. In my opinion it is more important to choose to study subjects I am interested in than choose subjects to prepare for my job or career. 
 For instance, I have seen friends who regretted his major after graudating from his school. When my friend went to University, my friend chose subjects to prepare for job even if he has never thought and learned. So during studying these subjects, he was boring of learning those. Fortunately, after he got a job because his subjects. But he couldn't stand for 3 years any more because he didn't really like and interested in that. he just wanted to get a job. As a result, He was failed. Nowdays he again started to study the subject he is really interested in. 
 In brother's case, when he went to study he studied the subjects which he has been interested in for long time. After he finishing his studying in University, he got a job in the same area which he has been interested in. Now he has the same area between his subjects and his job. He has worked at his area for 15 years. Now he is very happy and satisfied with his job. He said to me, "One choice is very important for my life, don't waste your time. So be carefull to choose 
subjects." I agree with his words.
 If we studied the subjects we are very interested in, we can prepare for our jobs and careers naturally. Job and career are continuously changing every year and every age. We have to study subjects happily and enjoy studying the subjects we are interested in. Studying is the process of exploring the truth, not preparing for our jobs or careers. If we well finish the process of exploring the truth, we also get a job or career automatically. Job or career is the bonus.
 Thus, I think it more important to choose to study subjects we are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for job or career. This is happiness.!!
