It is more important to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career than choosing subjects what you are interested, especially in college or University settings.

When you attend to post secondary education, many people receive student loan. After having all that money you have to repay in the future, you will have to aquire a good job enough to pay the loan back while they make their living. It is fun to study only what you are interested, but that doesn't necessarlily connect to the occupation which pays well.
For example, you want to study music but if you don't want to be a teacher, then your other choice would be pretty much to be a professional musician if you want to use the skills you obtained in school. It is very hard to be a professional musician unless you are exceptionally good at it , besides, pay is not high enough unless you succeed and become famous. 

Even if you have enough money to pay the tuition and support yourself throughout your study, if you can't get a high paying job because of a lack of skill, you could be stuck with a low paying job, which anyone could do,for a long time. I wrote this because I know several Canadian people who graduated from University that means they have good educational background. But what they learned in Universities are not helping them get high paying jobs. They are either in their late 30's or early 40's and they have been ending up doing jobs which don't pay enough for their living. Some of them have more than one job but they complain that they are not earning enough money when they think about future. When they are healthy and are able to work, that might be okay but the reality is they have to save money for the time they can no longer work because they are old. Some people even said they should have taken the subjects which help them to get better jobs in terms of money.

You can take subjects of your hobby in class such as continuing education, etc. When it comes to post secondary education which takes a lot of money, time and effort, it is better to choose the subject which will lead you 