                THE THEORIES OF MIGRATION
     With the advancement of science and technology we have been able to explore landmarks that were little known earlier and this has led to more and more research on these landmarks. But has one ever wondered how the migrating birds might have been able to track their destinations for all these years? well one can get several explaination to the theories on migration of birds.
      One of the theory states that the birds navigate with reference to the objects in space.For instance the sun and the moon can be considered a reference point by the birds and they migrate with respect to the movement of the sun and the moon. But as we know  this theory has limitaions and that is, sometimes the sun and moon are not visible as they get covered with clouds.So in that case do the birds get lost?Surprisingly the answer is NO. In such instances the birds might be tracking the other celestail objects in our solar system as a reference.
       The second theory suggests that the birds have a good memeory due to the hippocampal region of the brain which is supposed to memorise the different landmarks that the birds come across when they navigate to their destination. But the limitation of this theory is that sometimes the land marks might change and it is also likely that when the birds return to their nesting grounds they might forget the landmark just as we human beings forget certain things.
       The third theory claims that the birds have a mineral magnetite embedded in their beak. These crystals function just like our magnetic compass and the birds sense the direction of earth's  magnetic pull.The magnetic pull in tern helps the birds navigae their way to other locations. The limitaion to this theory is that the  direction of the magnetic pull  would ceratinly not help in determining how far the place is or where exactly the bird is when he is analysing the direction in which he should fly.
        Thus it is seen  that the theory on how the migratory birds navigate has always puzzled nature lovers all over the world.