	The author argues that it is more important to study subjects you are interested in rather than to prepare for a job or a career. I do not agree with the author's opinion for the following reasons.	
	First, the main reason for attending school, at least for the majority of the alumni, is to prepare themselves to contribute to society. Some may argue that studying what you like does not necessarily contradict this point but this would only be true for the number of students with clear goals and objectives and with very focus interests. There must be an underlying pattern in the selection of subjects to study. Otherwise students might find that they know little of a lot of different fields of study and that they can not use that knowledge for any productive purpose.
	Second, it is not an uncommon fact of life that interests change with age. We hear many kids stating that they will become astronauts when they grow up but very few actually follows that path. When choosing what to study one needs to consider what one is apt to rather than just what they like. This can avoid a lot of future frustration if one finds that one can not do what one have prepared for. 
	Finally, there is an economic factor to consider. As materialistic as this might sound it is important to secure an income for living. Of course, preparing for a job does not guarantee that one will have the opportunity to get it but at least will increase the chances against other people that have not prepared themselves with that objective. Moreover, when companies post for jobs they usually refer the postings to a career or a specific area of study. Not having any specialization might give an impression of someone who does not know where he or she is heading and that might change his or her mind at the first chance.
	For all these reasons I believe that it is very dangerous to choose subjects just because you feel an interest in. Rather, choose a career that have the subjects you like and you will be able to earn a living in an area you are interested in and fullfills you.