    How can you say that you are truly prepared for a job that you need? Well, it has to be answered by your ability to perform a job where your heart is, as in giving care for the elderly for nurses and analysing designs and buildings for engineers.
    As a personal experience, I landed in the field of paramedical studies because of my interest in treating and making people feel well. When I was a little kid, I used to put cold packs on my playmate's knee everytime he will acquire an accident during a basketball game. Not just that, I also gave a head and neck massage to my father when he was already tired from his long office work and he felt good after that. 
    These above examples made my interest in patient care and in giving utmost affection to the elderly and to people injured because of accidents or falls. So when I was about to select a course in college, I confidently chose to study Physical Therapy. Why? Because that's where my interest was, in giving care, in extend my hands to cure others.
    But prior to that, my brothers and my parents convinced me to take-up an engineering course since my elder siblings were also studying engineering then, and more and more engineers were so in-demand abroad. And we were going to save lots of money because i will be using the same books that my brothers were using and I will automatically had an instant tutor, again my brothers. 
    Fortunately, despite of their efforts to convince me in taking-up their field of study, I still listened to my heart, to my first love and interest which were the patients, the old and sick people. Because of this desire, I effortlessly finished the course here in the Philippines for 5 years. I even maintained good grades althroughout and went to some competitions related to the subjects of my course.
    It is really more important to choose to study subjects that you are interested in. I made it through the so many challenges but still able to excel because i like what I am doing. It is just an added bonus though I truly am interested with my course of study that my profession is also in-demand abroad especially in the US.
    Listen to your heart, choose to study subjects that you really like and interested in. Who knows, you may also study a course or a subject that is  are in line with at the same time in-demand abroad.