I agree with the statement, because there is more possibilities to succeed when the subjects are choosen because they are interesting. Generally speaking, that topic deals with the relation between the subjects studied and the jobs.

When people choose a subject because they think they can win a lot of money or get a good job they are forgetting one important point. A good job requires a good professional. And a good professional is that kind of person who enjoys and is fascinated by their occupation. For example, I do not like cooking, I have skills in other activities such as mathemathics. But if I tried to work as a cooker because that profession has associated a high salary, I would never find a restaurant to work. The reason is obvious, I will never be a great cooker. On the contrary, if I wanted to work in a bank, I would have more chances to have a job because I like mathemathics. These two examples show which should be the main motivation for choosing a subject to study. 

Sometimes people is too much concerned with the salary of a job or a profession. Doing so, they are forgetting what they really like to do. The best engineers, the best musicians,... are those who really enjoy their profession. Nowadays, there are a lot of teenagers who want to be singers, because they will be famous. However, the majority of these teenagers have never demonstrate that they are interested in music.

It is also true that it is not always possible to choose what to study. I mean, not all the subjects in a degree are similar. One can find lots of interesting subjects in biology, although he or she would have to study some chemistry because it is part of the degree. But the main point is whether the student who is choosing some specific subjects wants to work as a professional in that area all her or his life.

In conclusion, I think that if anybody choose her or his most interesting subjects, the whole economy would be affected because professionals would not be enthusiastic with their jobs. The best reason to choose the subjects to study is because it is interesting, and it is amazing.


