	Which one is more important? Choose the subjects which you are interested in or the subjects to prepare for a job. I think it is more important to choose a subject which i am really interested in. 			There are many reasons why I do this decision, but the most important reason is the experience I have seen from my uncle and brother. In addition,if I choose my favorate subject, I will be glad to work hard on it. At this point, I can have both the happy life and do well on my job. I think it is a fatastic idea to be.
	My uncle Tom's experience is the reason why I think so. He was interested in information technology when he was in high school. At that period, computer is hard to find even in a university. All his families strongly don't advise him to study information technology, but he made his own decision.Several years later, information technology become more and more popular, everybody began to say his decision is really correct. Uncle's become richer and richer but at the same time he has a happy job which he is feel pleasure to do. I stil remember last time he told me just chose the subject which I am interested in, don't care about the which job will be popular. I can do the job I am really interested in and i will really do it better if i am intersted in. At the other hand, my brother Jason chose the subject prepare for his job which he think it is popular, it is also the information technoloy. He told me that his life in the university is horrible. He felt he doesn't like the lessons which he chosed and he really felt uncomfortable on his class. Finally he finish his education in the university and got a job in the  company.The life in the company is even worse than it is in the university. He finds he has to deal with the things he doesn't like all days. He is so sad about his choose base on choosing the subjects to prepare for a job.
	The cases with totally different results make me smart to choose the subjects which i am interested in instead of choosing the subjects to prepare for a job or career.   