	I argree that it is important to choose to study subjects you are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career.
	A person who studies the subject will take that subject for his life. When I say this I meant that a person who studies for example civil engineering will be spending his life time calculating the loads of the buildings and other things needed for the construciton of the building. His life is slightly limited to that kind of environment and he must face the same environment probably for the rest of his life. So if someone is taking a subject like this just for carrer opportunities, then he will suffer for life.
	Life is short and to be able to do the things you like matters. A person who doesn't take a subject he likes might get problems in the future. Most important of the problems is happiness. A person doing something he likes less for 10 years might start to hate it in the furture and cause psychological problems and stress in a daily basis. The daily workload and tension gets to everyone and if you are in a uninterested field it might just deprive you of your right to happiness.
	Interested subjects give a lot of benifit to the person. The person will be more interested in the changes and will become more competent than his counterparts. The social connection to the people of the same subject becomes stronger; where as the other people might find it hard to relate to the people in the same field. As person develops he will have more respect and a drive to be the best.
	When one chooses a subject that is not of his choice he might become a very good at it in the immediate run but might not get the same result in the long run. But in the end it is in the views as some people might get used to the career job they get and come it like it too. It must work for the person in the long run and not make his life miserable.
	So, choosing a subject for a career is like choosing another man's life to live but choosing a subject you like is like choosing to live your own. Since I wish to live my life by my own rules I would choose my own subjects. But as people vary thier views do too.