	I agree that it is more important to choose to study subjects I am interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career. The reading from an article and my personal experience prove the valdility of this statement.
	Recently, I have read an article called "College Pressure," which explores and sugguests that a student should learn something he or she loves rather than what he or she wants. Believing that children are not certain they wanted to be, the author implies that many students are taking classes because their peers are doing it or their parents are pressuring them into doing it;  these classes often include the "pre-wealthy" courses such as pre-med or pre-law. Dissappointing, the author observes a student working and staying in a lab room frequently but never has a smile on her face. He felt sorry for her wasting of her time in doing something she has no passion in. Confirming his stand, he warns those who choose to study subjects to prepare for a job will lack a spirit or energy in their life that they will neither be happy nor satisfied. 
	When my brother was to declare a major when applying for colleges, he marked "Electronic Engineering" because he knew it is one of the top and most profitable job in the future. In addition, the needs of engineers in Taiwan will ensure him a job right after he graduated from college. However, the chose doomed his college life and possibly his life. After he got into college, he often complained the difficulties and the boredom of the course. In addition, his disinterest in the class furthur adds in his unwillingness and froustration toward the class. When I see my brother, I see a student who is struggling in learning something he does not love. Therefore, I understand his pain and learn from his pain. 
	In conclusion, I became more aware of the chooses I made in my life as my reading expands and my view widens. After what I have learned from the article and from my brother, I became more cautious when choosing my major, which should be a topic that I am interested in than a subject that will prepare me for a job. 
	
	