	Subject I am the most intrested in is physical education. However, I am planning to major in biology when I go to college. That is because it is a lot more helpful for my social activities. Therefore, it will be argued that is is more important to choose to study subjects to prepare for a job or career, than studying subjects that I am interested in.
 	
	Firstly, it is essential to study and get  thorough knowledge about the subjects that my future job will be related to. It would be challenging to get a job or career that I am not even aknowledged at. For instance, if I major in Art History at the colledge, and I try to get a job related to Economy, it is merely impossible for me to get a job in asmuch as I do not have any knowledge about my job, and companies will not hire me.
	
	Secondly, it is better to study subjects to prepare for a career, because the ultimate goal of spending money studying, is to  earn money. To earn money, we are obliged to major in subjects that has high potential of career, and in subjects to prepare for a job.

	Finally, it is more important to study subjects to prepare for a job because studying does not end. Even if we get older, there would be schools, and we would still be able to go to schools to study. In other words, we can study subjects we are interested in when we grow older, when we retire from the careers that we got by studying subjects to prepare for jobs. For example, Joe wants to study Anthropology because he is interested in Ancient cultures. However, he is not intereted in becoming an anthropologist. Therefore, he majored biology and became a doctor. When he retires, he will be able to study about anthropology that he is interested in. 

	The process of learning never ends, and we can learn what we are interested in, whenever we want, no matter how late it would be. Also, it is more important for students to prepare for their social activities after they graduate from schools. Therefore, it is more important to choose to study subjects to prepare for a career than to choose to study subjects you are interested in. 