	There has been a thorny issue arisen around my campus recently: "Should we study subjects based on either interest or career demands?" This topic has the ability to inspire studnets' concern as well as ignite parents' debate. In my point of view, this is a cut and dried question, and I will bolster that to study what you like is much more important, and I am going to illustrate my ideas with vivid examples and clear statements in the following paragraphs.
	
	At the very beginning, I am deeply convinced that only interest can hlep you to stand longer for a long distance. My viewpoint is easy to understand. When we are learning no matter knowledge or skills, there are obstacles await us. We might choose to give up or to carry on. However, in terms of psychology, our passions fade away slower when we are interested in certain things. In a nutsell, we will try to overcome those obstacles much more times when we are studying interesting subjects than in uninteresting fileds. This simple human psychology, therefore, makes us to stand longer in our interesting area. 
	
	Besides, interests can definitely be an option of your career choice. There is no rule to ban people from working for their interests. A lot of successful examples reveal us that we can still earn a great deal of fortune via our interest. Take Lee ming-si, a manager of the biggest computer company in Taiwan, as an example. He was interested in computer manufacturing when he was still a high school kids. As the story go, he decided to study in a computer engineering school in college instead of his parents' wish, international law. He determined his subject then, and that decision also determined his career. His success is one good example to tell us that interest can also become your career. 
	
	As just has been noted, I believe that we should choose our subject according to our interest. One the one hand, staying in the field which we are interested in will help us stay longer, in light of psychology. On the other hand, the true event of Lee's success tells us that interest can actually feed ourselves. Therefoer, I agree that it is more important to choose a subject which we are interested in. 