There are some people that say that choosing a subject you are more interested in is more important than choosing a subject that will prepare you for a job. I think it is better to choose a subjects that can be used in the person`s career, but if he / she is really interested in some thing that will not be used, there is no problem in attending it. But the person cannot leave the important ones.

Normally, people try to choose subjects that will help them on their jobs, that would be useful and so on, and they are normally interested in those subjects. However, sometimes the person can be interested in some subjects that is not on their curriculum and some times it has nothing to do with the job the person has choosen.

For me, choosing those subjects is not harmful and they should do it if they are really interested in it because, though in some situations the subject is not similar to the job, it can be used in some way, and if it cannot, the person can use the knowledge in the future for anything he / she wants.

For example, a law student that is interested in some subjects like accounting or business or even economics should take those subjects on the university because he / she can use it some way when they are working and it is very good. And even if he / she is interested in some subject like phisycs, that is something they would never use in their jobs, it can be good for developing his / her logical skills.

But I think that those extra-curricular subjects just cannot interfer on the curricular ones because there are some things that a good professional in every area has to know and students cannot give it up.

So, I think choosing a subject you like is as valuable as the similarity it has with your course and they are not harmful at all, but those extra-curricular subjects has to be attended with the obrigatory ones, those you will need on your professional life, and the university should not allow the most important subjects to be taken off anyone`s course.

