	Choosing one's professional path is of capital importance as this choice may have an influence over one's entire social, economic and of course, professional life. When choosing his path, one is confronted with the eternal dillema of choosing between a field one is naturally interseted in, and a field, different from one's natural aspirations, but fitting better with the traditional standards of a "good job".

	We could consider that choosing studying subjects one is spontaneously interested in is the right thing to do since statistics and reviews have proved that successful people generally work in a field their heart chose for them. Moreover, people working in a field they're interested in tend to more productive and more creative than regular workers since their motivation - a capital factor - is generally well superior to a standard worker's motivation.

	However, since interest is not the only factor weighing in the balance, we can rationally think that  choosing a job or career that fits more with one's natural qualities and abilities (two concepts different from interest) should be predominant above other considerations. Indeed, when studying his case, one should look over his strong points and try to take advantage of them. He should also make a rationnal approach and evaluates the market and its needs, and choose accordingly a job capable of guaranteeing "his daily bread".   

	Nonetheless, this drastic and cartesian approach isn't always the answer, especially on the long term. Just figure out yourself, thirty years from now. I guess you d probably prefer having done something you like over the past three decades than having to cope everyday with a job you dont like but still have to convince yourself it's the right thing to do. One could stand this torture for a certain period of time, but how about if it's a lifetime? That sour feeling would probably cause the end of your so called lifetime.

	In conclusion, various "for" and "against" stand for each of the theories. Various assumptions can be made. Various points concerning each can be raised. But the fact remains that i sincerely believe One should head for where his heart is. A career is like marriage, it's designed to last for a lifetime, so it better be the right one you choose.