    I have had always problems with understanding people who don't know what to do in their life or sacrifice the interest or passion for career, position or money. When I was a child I knew that I wanted to play some instrument and go to the music school. When I had been finishing my primary school I knew that there was only one solution for further education-secondary music school, after finishing secondary school I applied for the Frederic Chopin Academy of Music in warsaw-which I have already finished. 
   I think that conciousness of findind the right way of our life is one of the most important aspects of our existence. It gives us a power to go foreward, to create and to develope our minds and souls.
In my opinion choosing subjects to prepare ourselves only for a job or career makes us "life-loosers"-even if our business and career are great and succescful. 
   Unfortunately young people are influenceced very often by their parents who are thinking only about "our good", material aspect of life and wealthy future. As far as I am concerned I would advice looking for our internal strenght and break the society rules and parent's opinions. I know also that sometimes it causes  tragic effects and we loose our relationship with relatives.
   I am young composer from Poland who is focused on contemporary music-I don't earn much money now, because I don't want to commercialize my music. I am not famous because I am not a genius and it is very difficult to "sell" contemporary music in Poland.
   The most important thing for my is that I strongly believe in my profession, in the contemporary art, in music. I wouldn't change my experience on any different activity although sometimes it is a little bit hard to live. Finally I also think that to keep a good ballance all over the world-human kind should represent as many kinds and ideas as it represents. The reality is comlpete when we have people living for job and careers and when we have such an idealistic peronalities as I am!