	The statements poses a very good question to students on whether to chose subjects based on the interest of the student or choose subjects based on a future job or career. Though most of us would agree on chossing a subject that really interests and inspires us, we are not at the stance of making this choice always.

	If the subjects that were chosen would be the ones that help us prepare for a job or career, then the student would be greatly encouraged and studying would be a great experience always. But mostly this is not the case. For example, my husband being a doctor was long interested and is continually being interested in automobiles and mechanical engineering. But he chose his medical career because he knew that he would be more successful in this career and had to concentrate on medical subjects to achieve his goal. His automobiles engineering was more of a pastime issue and he did not want to risk his career based on this interest. Another example that could be cited at this juncture would be of a science student who shows remarkable interest towards management theories. She knows that to graduate with good grades she would have to focus on her science major rather than management but could include some management subjects into her curriculum as minors for the purpose of interest towards the subject. But she would be able to make this choice only if she has enough time apart from her majors which a very critical. She will not be able to just take a subject just because it interests her, but also have to do well in the minor so that her overall grading is not affected finally.

	Also making a consicous choice would be benefiting my family which depends on my income after my graduation. So I cannot take a huge risk by relating to my own likes and dislikes.

	The subjects of interests could be chosen at any later part in life after graduation as a pastime or even as a part time degree if times permits. This if proceeds well, this degree would help one to establish a secondary job or maybe a relaxing past time.

	I would conclude that though it would be dejecting that I will not be able to choose subjects which kindle my interest, but I would pacify myself on the view that my furture career would be sound if I pursued subjects which would help be get a good job on a highly competitive society.