     Some people believe that the subject which is not directry related to a job or career is no use. And those who are thinking like this way sometimes hesitate to take subjects which they indeed are interested in. But I do not think so. So I agree the statement that it is more important to choose to study subjects you are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career.
     At first, preparing for a job or career itself does not mean anything if it is without interest. I fogot the name of the effect but psychologist advocate that if you train something relactantly, your speed to learn by training is slower than that you do willingly. I have a same kinds of experience. When I was high school student during mid term or end of semester exam, I just studied mainly only 2 subjects, English and Mathmatics, which are I was worst good at. But at that time I could not make out at all. On the contrary, the other kinds of studies, like Physics, Chemistry and Biology, are really good despite I hardly studied. So even if the subjects are closely connected to a job or career, but you are really not interested in them, you are not expected to obtain something althoguh the defenition of job or career is obscure. I think it is better to take subjects you are really interested in for your advance.   
     Second, improving their own tarent makes their own jobs and career. In other words improving of what you want to study leads you better job and career. Have you ever think about to be a professional athlate? Many of the people do not think live with such a occupation. I have a friend, Kiyomi Niwata. She is a professional triathlete and the Japanese replesentitive of 2000 and 2004 olimpic games of the triathlon race. Triathlon is not so profitable sports compared with football and baseball. And nobody expect that studying, in this case it should be training, swiming, bicycling, and running lead someone job or career. But she did it. Although I have never look at inside of her worret and balance of bank account, but more than 10 years of her life as a professional triathlete have proved that she can live with that. Although the interest itself is not directly related to a job or career, by improving it and making it higher than others do, you still have a chance to get a job and career by means of the completely anybody else's way.
     In conclusion, according to the resones above, I agree the statement that it is more important to choose to study subjects you are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career. 