Every parent registers his child to school for many reasons. One of them is that this child will learn or acquire  skills that will allow him many year later to find a job and to be independent. 

When the child is growing up , he may easily respond to the question :'what do you want to be when you are adult". The response will be based on a dream, a desire, a wish. Later, when he is aware of life realities and the employment market requirements, another question will come up: Should i study  in the field i like or should i follow the employment market trend, that is to study in a filed where the rate of emplyoment is high.

In my opinion,it is important to do what one likes in life. 

The first reason i give to that is that if one is to live long, it is better to be doing the things one likes the most. 
The second reason is that studies are not easy, it requires a lot of homework and commitment . It is easy to spend  time studying a subject that is a passion , it can be a joyfull discovery.

The third reason is  i think, nothing big is done without passion, without a dream. When the best inside us comes out, we are able to perform, to succeed. When it is a contraint , for instense in the case where one chooses subjects to prepare a job, one may not have this passion, this feeling of "i can do it because i desire it " , he may perform but not as much as if he was completly passionated and involved. 
Most of the greatest realisations in the world have been made because the leader had a passion. I can refer to Martin Luther King, what he has done is not a career related but it shows how  much dreams are important..
Of course, one can say that to have a good job is a dream! However there is a question to this : if one has a great job but dosent't like the field, even for money sake , will he be able to stay long in that field, considering all the stress and pression on top of doing something i don't like?
I truelly believe that no matter the field one studied in , it is possible to find a job. Sometimes, it is better to sacrify some dollars( because another field may pay more) and have fun. 

