Knowlege is the power. I agree withe the only thing that choose to study the subject that in which i interested.The liking and disliking  things in the human life is never generated by the extarnally, it is a process of the internal emotion. The thing which is intrinsic property. To study the interesed subject is more important for standing ones interest in whole life.

Selecting the interested subject gives the person respect than those are selecting the subject for their career. If the person select his interesting study subject for academic or for his career then the thing will give the thechnical as well as the emotional flexiblity to him. If the person run for the career oriented subject  then it will give him money but due to the lack of interest in the perticular subject degrade the thinking power or the devotion in it.

I have seen many cases. One of my friend has selected the information technology  as a career perspective.But he have interest in Pharmacy. He is not take such desicion but his family members force him to take it as a undergraduate. They see the more money and the prosporous career in the IT. As my country not having that much flexiblity in the education system as compair with United States of America. He can not change his subject.Now he completed the undergration but due to the lack of the interest in the  subject he can not concentrate on further studies. This person facing more difficuties for finding the job. So the result of it failure in the career.

The person who have greater interest in the subject can easily do the best in it  and find the superior way for himself. He can become a goog teacher in it. Because of the interst and the powerful k 


For gaining the knowlege to prepare for the job or the career is not more important than studying the interested subject. In this way if he study the interesting subject he will give the venerat to his opinion and the emotion. These are the things that the human carries his rest of the life.