When I was a child my dream is to be a soccer player, now I just study in a normal university and do not continue to follow my dream. The reason for that is very simple, since that I live in a society and I have to earn money to support my life even my parents. But when it comes to this question I think it is hard to say which one is important, people should consider both these two things carefully and make their own choose.

To begin with, although I gave up my dream to be a soccer player, I still hold a belilef that the interests should be in the first place. If someone totally do not pay attention to their interests and just consider the the factors about future job during the process of making a decision about their subjiects, then people will find that the subject become increasingly boring as day by day. For example, if someone are very interested in area of art , but she or he decide to choose the computer science as his or her subjects because of the future job. I think it is hard for this person to continue to study this subjest since there is a huge distance between computer science and art. What is more is that someday this person may back to the area of art for his own interests. From this case people can see that without interests people may not do well in their subjects and one day he or she may back to his or her interesting things.

In the second place, as far as I see, people should also consider some factors about their future job, since that after all people have to earn enough money to support their lives. Although it may appear to be cruel to ask people to consider the job factors instead of following their interests,   it turly paly an important role in people's lives. I would like to take myself as an example, like what I have said former I was very interested in soccer at that time, but as people can see that in China the salary for a female soccer player is considerably low  so then I decided to give up the plan to choose the soccer sports as my subjects and choose a desiging course instead. What I want to say is that I also interested in design course, so it is not boring to me. Now when I have time to kill I will play soccer with my friends. The job finding for designing is also bringt than soccer player, so I am satified with this course. Through this people can see that the job factors may have as important effect on your chioce.

To sum up, I think the most crucial thing is that people should keep a balance between interests and job factors. Different people have different choices. Each thing have their flaws and benefits just like a coin, what people should do is to choose the appropriate one for themselves. At last, if your financial condition is well and you do not have sucn responsibility to rasie your family than you should choose your favorate subjects. In contrase, people should pay more attention to the job finding in future.





