	In Western countries, and more precisely in continental Europe where the unemployment rate of school leaver is among the highest of the OECD countries, the question of the reorganization of the educational system is more than ever a burning one. But, one thing is sure, this reorganization could not be lead with success if the student do not agree with it. That is why there is a heated debate to know how to make the shool interesting for these students. Thus school is currently not only viewed as a place where children work for their future, but also like a place where they take pleasure. And so, all the question is to know how combining these two different aspects of the school as an institution.

	First of all, I think that school should naturally be a place of work. Indeed, students are not always mature enough to choose what they want to learn. Thus, I agree with those who want to give to all the children a common background in all the traditionnal educational fields, such as history, geometry... To reach this goal, we obviously have to impose these fundamental courses to all the students. Doing that, children would be able to explore many fields of study, and so to decide which is the most interesting for them.
Moreover, I also definitely think that educational programs in the universities should be constructed with the participation of the business world. Indeed, in that way we should decide quotas on some academic specialities if the companies do not need to hire a lot in that field.
	But if we look at the other side of the coin, I also definitely think that shool should be a place where students would want to go. But how to do that you will tell me. I have not the solution which will put an end to this problem but I have some ideas. One idea should be for example to apply more extensively the methods developped by the american philosopher John Dewey. Indeed, this man stated that education will never be separated from action. According to him, when you present a concept to a child you may immediately show him what it imply in the real life. So, in short, the idea is to encourage the children to adopt a proactive attitude in the classroom which could helpp them to fulfill themselves thanks to their courses.

To put it in a nutshell, I would simply say that I do not want to choose between my future and my personnal fullfilment, I want both and I sincerely think that each child deserves both.

	

