At my present schooling of senior high school, it is absolutely important one to choose subjects according to one's interests instead of worrying about one's career. 

My school, the Shenzhen College of International Education, is the first school in the city to try separating classes in "blocks". That means I should go to different classrooms and meet different classmates every class on the basis of my choice and my level at particular academic studies. My first intention about the policy was to select all the subjects provided at school; I wanted to study as broadly as I can in the expensive private school. To my surprise, the new subject at school, even for China, Psychology was provided the first time in the city. Without a doubt, I would give up anything for it. In addition to all the natural science subjects, my schedule was entirely filled up. As a result, many people considered me as a crazy maniac for choosing so much subjects.

Eventually, I found out that my insane selection was not due to the exiting impuses I had at the beginning of the semester. I feel very promising and fully crammed everyday. Because the subjects I chose was all to my interest, I usually remain concentrated all day, which was an unprecedented achievement for me who drifted off frequently in my previous school.

I think that it is not realistic for one to prepare for one's career this early in that you never know what is going to happen and what direction does the world navigate at. Also, you do not know the jobs very well; that's one reason for kids to swich their dreams often.

Bill Gates studied computer programming in his college, which was completely at his interest. However, the future of computer technology was quite bright around the 1980s. He merely kept on doing it, driven by his interest. Subsequently, he created Microsofe due to his interest. There he is now, a giant in the computer industry.

I believe that youngsters are better off doing what they want at their early age. You can't forsee the future. Besides, you are still young.