     It is debatable whether people choose to study subjects that they like or not. Some people agreed that they select favorite subjects, while others wanted to choose subjects to get a job. Of course, it is true that there are a lot of people who changed their majors because they wanted to earn more money. However, I agreed that it is more significant to choose their subjects for people because selecting favorite subjects can give people more satisfaction and efficiency. 
     Among the reasons, the most important reason is that choosing favorite subjects can give people more satisfaction. As a matter of fact. many people have a job that they do not want to have because even though they really wanted to get favorite job, they could consider that this job can earn enough money for them. As a consequence, when they worked for a long time, they could give up a job because they realized that the job could not give a satisfaction for them. For example, one of my friend had a talent about musical instrument. When we were high school students, many students had a jealousy because he had a great skill to play guitar. Even he always told that he would be a famous guitarist. However, when we graduated high school, he changed his mind to study economics even he didn't have any interests on them. Eventually, he regreted that he spent three years studying economics because it could not give any satisfaction for him.
     Lastly, choosing favorite subjects can give people to work more efficiently. In modern-day life, working with efficiency is one of the most important part for people because when people work efficiently can give the company to remain a lot of benefits. As a matter of fact, there are a lot of people who give a lot of profits to their company because they select their job that they want. As a consequence, they can raise an efficiency to their works. For instance, I was very interested in communication design even though parents do not want to do it. When I worked in company, I was proud of myself because I made a motion graphic that I never make before because I chose the subjects that I want to do. It could give me more efficience.
     To conclude, choosing favorite subjects could give people satisfiaction and efficiency.      