Why do people study? Is it because they are aware of the job prospects of the subject, or because they are interested in knowing more about certain aspects of the subject?Some parents willfully force, or even strongly suggest, their children to study subjects that would lead to a prosperous career. They think about their children's monetary future. Another reason why many people pick up subjects that prepare them for a job, would be due to peer pressure.Just not to feel left out, some youth join for study programs, along with their peers.A very few percentage of youth pick up subjects they are genuinely interested in, and not necessarily just to prepare for a job.

I strongly believe that people should study subjects that interest them. If they select an intriguing subject, the entire study experience would be a pleasure to go along with. Sudents would be more focused and more in touch with the subject. If a student wanted to learn more about fishes, and opted for a course in marine biology, he/she would obtain a lot of satisfaction from the same. When you truly learn about subjects that pique your interest, it'll satisfy you immensely.There would be a constant quest for knowledge.The student could be a giant in his field, some time in the future.It doesn't matter what job he does, but if he is good at it, he'll prosper. If you do a job that interests you, you are invariably going to be good at it in the long term.

Some students give in to the tempation of a good job and suppress their ambitions or interests along the way. Such students would learn only the necessary details of the subject which would guarentee him/her a good career. The innate urge to learn more would not be present.Later in their careers, they would have an empty feeling.This could happen if the person was not interested in the subject, but just picked it up to ensure a career with a lot of monetary benefits. We could take the example of the student who liked marine biology itself.Suppose the student had given in to his parents obljections and decided to pursue an engineering degree.He would study the subjects for the degree, but not with much interest.After a long trying series of exams, he would be certified as an engineer.But that would not provide him with much satisfaction on a day to day basis. There would always be the small impulse in his mind to quit the job and pursue the interest he always had.

Then there are some students who are not sure on what interests them. For them, a subject that leads to a successful carreer would be the best option. In such cases, they learn to love the subjects that they choose- whatever the subjects may be. They would be blessed wth good jobs and a pleasant life. However, such scenarios are not very common.

In a nutshell, it would be more beneficial if students learn and study subjects that they are genuinely interested in.





