Choosing subjects for school is always a difficult task because there is so much knowledge available but you cannot study it all. So you have to make choices and sometimes you have to choose whether this subject interests you or if it's going to help you later on with your job or career.

Studying subjects that interest you is a concept that wasn't used a lot before because the only things students were supposed to learn were the subjects that would help them later on with their career. But nowadays, new kind of careers have emerged which are completely different to the panel of subjects school used to give to their students. For example, mechanics is now taught at schools for people that want to become a mechanical engineer. But the link between subject that interests you and those you need to have a good career is pretty close to a bond between these too , since you're going to want to do a job that interests you and not a job that bores you , you will take subject that have to do with the job you want to prepare for and not for something you will never use in your career. But if your future is uncertain it's hard to make choices between all of those subjects that is why people choose just the subject that interests them to find a career that goes along with these subjects later on in their educations and lives. So choosing subjects that interests you are the most important because they will prepare you for your future but also because thinking too much into the future isn't that preferable because it's better to live in the present that be obsessed with the future , Carpe Diem.

In conclusion, it is just a question of personal choice that will make you choose either subjects of interest or of career possibility. But since they go hand in hand, it doesn't really much of a difference which one you choose but going with the subjects you love will definitely be far better than taking subjects that you despise for a job that you don't want but that was asked of you to study.