       Choosing to study subjects you are interested in or ones to prepare for a job in the future is really a controversial topic. Some may say that they will choose subjects which can help them preparing for a job as being successful in the future is really important. But who can tell that the other choice will not lead you to a high-paid job lately? In my opinion, I strongly belive that choosing favorite subjects is the best way for students. They will have a motivation, passion, as well as a chance to succeed in later life.
      First of all, people do need a passion on what they do if they want to be successful with it. With that passion, they will never find their studies boring or want to get rid of it. Students all know that, if Einstein had no passion in his works, humans will have no chance to know the crucial formula such as e=mc^2 and many things else. And so many famous artists in the world could never not only survive but also create new things with their poor income. They did work will their passions. That is the reason why I do believe that student need to study what they interested in.
     Secondly, studying things that you like will provide you a motivation to get over everythings. Noone can make sure that things can work well as what they are supposed to do. You may work under a lot of pressure like salary, times, difficulties during studying. In that situation, nothing else but your interest of the subjects will give you a motivation to get over troubles. More importantly, with motivation, you will never stop wanting to better your knowledge about taht subjects
      Finally, if collegers study what they are fascinated in, they will increase their education better and faster. They are supposed to do great at that subject than any others majors. That explains why they will be prepared well enough to have high-paid job in the fure. I also believe that they can make a big advance in their later job if they are fastinated in what they do.
      In sum, I strongly believe and recommend that students should study subjects that they are interested in as they will have passion on it, motivation in study from it and  to ensure their later career. They will never have to work like a machine if they choose so but fill their school time with a lot of interests. That is the reason why I think most people, including me, will agree to choose subjects this way. 