Many people believe that studies are the healthiest support for the future career. Therefore they drive themselves and their children to think ahead, since the early stages of their life, and choose the most appropriate study course that would eventually lead to the chosen career path. Which can be translated into a "choice of life", beginning with the early studies. 

A number of other people think that studying is simply a way to properly channel the knowledge and further development of the human mind according to the natural predispositions - e.g. the children with a sense of precision and likes for mathematics  would be driven towards indepth studies of exact sciences or mechanics  or anything of this kind, while the children with proven social skills would be driven to social sciences or foreign languages. This is an approach that could be summarised as "best fit study path". The ones in behind this approach would mostly look at studies only from a scholastic perspective, the short term approach.  

I personally think that none of the above approaches is compelte while they should both be integrated into a compelte educational-formation system of any given person. For the first approach, I believe there are countless examples whereby peopel have chosen career paths totally opposite to their studies definition. For the second approach, while not untrue, it can be easily argued that companies CEOs or great political leaders have reached their position in life without much studying. 

None of the approaches can be considered more important than the other, while the argument should perhaps lay with the importance of studying in itself and not necessarily for a career or simply out of interest.   

If it were for me, a fully developped person should go through several stages of studies in order to get a broad understanding or its surrounding environment. This process should encompass basic sciences that govern our life and perhaps complete with the sciences and level of education that allows a real understanding and knowledge of the things that the respective person likes most. In my opinion studying is simply a "formatting" process laying the grounds for the future person in terms of process of thinking, organizational skills and  capability to analyse and solve matters at hand. The career planning is as well supported by specific studying and should happen once oen has taken a job and foudn a match in it. 

Concluding, studying is a continuous process in one's life and I coudl never say that one stage of studying is mopre important than the other. The important hing for me is to continuously learn about the things one likes and decides to invest his or her life into. 

