  Some students choose  to study the subjests in  which they are interested while some student prefer to study subjects which are related to job or career. No doubt , career related subjects prepare you for real life environment and make sure that you will definately get the job on future. But still, I prefer to to study the subjects which I like most. There are some reasons.

  First, if i I prefer to study my favourite subjects, naturally I am so happy whenever I do study, even while attending the classes. I take more interest in all those subjects so I better understand the subjects. I have clear ideas and my fundamentals are really good in those subjects. I deeply read whole materials and I have better chance to get good grades.For example, I  like to study onchology course which will give me a lot of knowledge about different types of cancers, what are the signs and symptoms of those cancers and what are the treatments available today for them. Obviously ,I like to read more about those subjects as I am interested in that. That improve my knowledge and give me broad mind to think about those topicas.
   
   Second, If my fundamentals are clear. I will definately get a good job in future. Even, I can start my own business and earn a lot of money. For example, If i like to study interior designer related subjects or architecture subjects, I can think by myself and open my own business. Nobody can stop me to innovate my own ideas and put into efforts in my work. Even for instance, I can start to do research in any cancer because I have the basic knowledge of all types of cancer. There are better chances for me to grow and think new ideas. It is possible that I can find new drug that may cure the cancer. This is not possible if I chose subjects only helpful for getting my job. Because at that time, I can only think about my future jobs and their chances to grow. May be some companies can give me chance to do research but still there is possibility not to accept my concept or if yes, they don't give funds for that or I have to stop that research because the company think that it will not earn any profit in return. So, I won't have  chance to grow and do whatever I want.

    Well, it is better to study our  own interested subjects. So we will grow in that particular field . It is better  than bunking classes for subjects related to our future job because we only choose them as it give job security rather than our own interest.