	It is more important when choosing subjects to study, to choose subjects one is interested in rather than subjects that properly prepare for a job or career because without interest, dedication and proper involvment in the subject will not happen as required. It should also be taken in notice that people generally have interests in what they do best. In contrast people shoud take basic study subjects which should help any career, always focusing on the essence of what each person is interested in. Basic subjects will vary among communities and will always create infuelnce in the minds of people. In addition, the only people in the world who have actually made a difference always have more than just the will to improve, they need passion where they concentrate their work.
	When there is interest in a subject, there is dedication. Dedication mostly leads to an improvement, and with time this could lead to mastering in a given subject. On the other hand people who follow subjects which prepare them for certain jobs and career will have easier ways of following certain careers, and in the same way, getting better jobs. This second take may seem the right choice, but people who choose this path will always find themselves at some point uninteresed, and this will leave people in a mediocre position in their jobs.
	Without basic knowledge many people are found in an almost impossible position of improvement. This is why there are alwasy certain subjects which must always be studied, depending on the society as a whole, and the ideas in which this society is contained.
	The plan of studying hard to have opportunities in life is a common idea in modern life, but there are some basic principles that will always have to be taken in notice. People must choose where to direct their hard work. This is primarily because there are many people who work very hard and get poor credit for it. Because of this, everyone should always direct their work to where they feel their interests are. With interest, one has an entire lifetime to enourmosly improve in their profession, and this means creating original ideas, and standing on your own feet.
	Education in our society is basic for any form of success, but that is not the only thing that matters. What we do should not only be decided by what is apparently sensible in each community but also by what it is that we do best, and what each person wants to do. This way, the direction one takes is a decision taken personally. Finally,  during this period of labor, everyone will stand out as doing their best in different areas of work. 