I think it is more important to choose study subjects that you are interested in, rather than to choose subjects that prepare you for a certain career. Choosing subjects is an important decision that people make because it affects their future. You do not want to choose a subject and then later down the line realize that this is not what you really want to do. In that case, you might find yourself confused in a midlife crisis.

It is important to choose to do what you are really interested in. Firstly, if you are doing something that interests you, then you will enjoy doing it. It is only when you enjoy doing something that you can fully use your potential and do your best in it. It will provide you with comfort and satisfaction in life. For example if you like your job, then you can really excell in it and make a good career. 

Secondly if you are interested in something, you are more likely to want to stay in that field for the most part of your life or career. If you choose subjects that you are not really interested then at one point you will start to get distracted. You will start finding the work that you do tedious and you may not enjoy it. That will hamper your success and your progress. But most of all you may not be happy with what you are doing. That takes away your ability to fully utilise your potential. 

To illustrate how important it is to choose subjects of interest many examples can be used. Say that Joe is a student in high school. He has always thought of being an engineer when he grows up. He takes all the science and mathematics subjects and goes to an engineering school where he studies mechanical engineer. After college he inturns at an engineering firm and later goes on to do masters in fluid mechanics. But what Joe didn't think about is that his real interest lies in economics. It fascinates him to think about how people interact with the economy and how it all works. Slowly he starts getting distracted from his work at the engineering firm. He finds the long calculations tedious and boring. Working with the huge complicated systems give him a headache and he realizes that this is not what he really wanted to be. What does Joe do now? He has made a lot of progress in the field and if he wishes to switch now, it will mean that he has to start over again. 

Therefore, I believe that choosing subjects of interest is most important because in order to succeed and lead a satisfactory like you must pursue what really interests you. However you must really think about what interests you the most. It helps sometimes to have a certain goal or vision in mind that you work up to. Otherwise you mind find yourself getting distracted and deviating from the good way of life.