After leaving high school and entering a college, it is hard not to feel amazed by the great variety of available courses in so many different disciplines. How are we supposed to make a choice? Should we follow the path of our personal interest only, or should we first ask ourselves which of the different options gives us the best chances to get a stable job and a secure social status?

This dilemmaq illustrates the fact that our intuitions about what makes a good academic experience are far from being clear-cut. On the one hand we all know that education serves a social purpose: we study in order to acquire the skills and knowledge that will help us perform well in the future, in a working environment. If we keep this point in mind, we must admit that it is foolish to rely only on interests or tastes when planning our studies, and that studying for the sake of studying won't lead us anywhere: even if we still have time to think about it and to sharpen our ideas about which particular job we might be interested in, it won't hurt to think about it as the natural outcome of our college years. In recent years, for example, a large number of French student have started studying psychology, without realizing how difficult and competitive this discipline turns out to be once you have completed the first two years. This bad strategy has resulted in massive failures at the exams, making the process of finding a job much harded for the dropouts.

With this in mind, it is still possible to argue that colleges do not exist for the sole purpose of producing effective social agents, capable of fulfiling some specialized function for the benefit of society taken as a whole. The learning process is more complex than that, and it would not be realistic to expect students to find their way only by keeping an eye on job offer lists and forecasts about the labor market. Studying has to be an effective process, of course; but it will be all the more effective and enriching if students study something they love. Could we imagine a brilliant doctor having no interest whatsoever for medical subjects, and considering her job as a mere source of income? This would be shocking, and I thing that the same applies to all kinds of carrers. As a conclusion, I would say that we don't really have two chose between the two options.