I believe a thought that study what you like, and then it would be definitely become the prowerful background preparing for the future career or jobs. As what is proved here, I would like to think interests firstly due to any other preferences, interests made you passionate on what you are donig, more importantly, it's the long-standing shoot preparing for the career as well, on the other side, study only refer with what is the fashion and hot in marketing, may not lead you study foucs on your courses, but instead of apealling the job markeing, you may miss even kinds of more cricual things in college. Therefore, I prefer to study subjects release on what I interested in.

First of all, I would like to give out one of the examples involved my high school life, which still encourge me liking my choose. In China, common students sat in the classroom and learnt regrading from the teacher, but me, when I found my great interests in science,espescally in video commpression and 3 generation-moble phone TV project, I followed my heart and get start to research about it, I do understand China National Exam is crucial to me, without it, I even can't get the higher educations, which just like the thoughts of "study to prepare for a job"--students leant for the college entry, I really undergoing a hard time resrearch it while a very loaded course work, after two years, I finished my research paper and recieved national furture scientist awards, and prefomed research in national academic reseach center, the result is exciting me still, I not only loose the chance of getting the college educatons, gainer it instead, what's more, it confirmed my way to science,means cofirmed my career and job to high technology as well. personal experience would be the best examples to claim my perfer.

About  the subjects choose, I am not going to say that is definitely wrong, but the furture is unexpected, how do you know what's the hottest position needed when you graduated? the world is changing too fast, we can't not be think simplly.

What's more, the students also can't confrim whether they really like the subject which prepare for the career, if not, they probably would have a pain when the face the reality or the whole life. 

In all words, I choose the things to lean with passionate, interests always the first and mainly reason for me, what was I befineted on would support totally about it, in the further study, I would like to follow it as well, as I said, it is great to peope to study in things interested them.