
I am utterly conviced that it is more important to choose to study subjects you are interested in rather than to study something to prepare yourself for a job or career. My opinion is fonded on a very simple thing, if you keep doing what yo really like, then it would be also accurate for a job or a career you are interested. I further suppor my view with the next two arguments:

- A personal experience 
- A working example

Although I majored in Economics from one of the top Mexico's colleges, as time has passed I have realized the importance which sociology has on my field of action. Hence, I have delved into the work of different authors, finding it most enriching to read about the complexity of social patterns and their interactions in human behavior. This means form me that in a certain moment; even though I enjoyed so much to learn about economics, later I realized that it was quite interesting for me to understand human behavior in a different paradigm from the economic models. In this regard, I am now really interested in extend my academic abilities and my abstract thought in sociology: this is something that I am interested in, probably, later on I would find a job related to this, but in this moment that is not my guide.

Nevertheless, I would like to make myself clear by pointing out a professional experience in one of my jobs. In 2003 I started working at the Federal Institute for Access to Public Information in Mexico. Since the coming to effect of the Law of Transparency and Access to Information, I was in charge of more than 250 agencies of federal government, either evaluting their works or assisting them in order to improve their actions in transparency policy. In this regard, I was involved in a project which scope was to expand the knowledge of this right to participants of the society who suffer from certain type of social vulnerability (people poor and even people who do not have the ability to read or write). In order to prepare myself and extend my knowledge for managing this project, I had to choose between an international conference related to learn how to manage negotiations  and develop some statistical skills or, choose to take a course concerning about the characteristics of population who lives in depauperization situations.
 
Everybody critized me becuase I chose to go to take the national course instead of going to take that paramount international conference: their argument is that the international conference was not going to be repeated and the other course would probably be given some time in future. I chose what I enjoy the most, and the project was a real succes, not becuase I went to that course in Mexico but becuase I did what I was interested in, and I did with pasion.

To sum up, my conclusion is that the more free choices you have for study what yo realy like, the more opportunities you will develop to be outstanding either in a job or a career.  