          I completely agree with the statement that it is more important to study subjects one is interested in rather than subjects to prepare for a job or career. In my opinion it is  very important that one should love what you do. For instance you can take a horse to the water but you cannot make it drink may be because he is not thirsty or it does not like to do it. Similarly one cannot be forced to do something he or she does not like to do.
         There are diverse set of subjects now a days and each subject has equally good career prospects. So if one devotes his time,effort and money in the subject that one likes he can excel in the subject and find a suitable job too.
         We see that some people are sometimes just not fit for their job.I can give an example of a my friend in my college. He became a professor just because his dad was a professor in physics but he actually had a tremendous interest in art. We could tell that because he had made some beautiful art work.Besides paiting was his passion and he would make personalised gifts for us. I recollect that he had won an award for his painting on a landscape that looked as good as real.n And due to this interest in art he was not able to give good output to students on his subject of teaching. But his father never understood his state of mind. Recently my friend gave up  his job as a professor  and devoted himself completely to painting and art. Currently, he serves as a principle and advisor of a renowned college of art.I believe by this he had made his father proud and at the same time he is enjoying his position.
          We see students getting enrolled in certain classes because the class topic fascinates them. I believe when one enjoys the learning they add value to their life.It is very important now a days to have knowledege about your subject but when this subject is your favourite you tend to study better and this in tern leads good grades and a better academic performance.
        A good academic performance boosts ones self confidence and morale and this helps the individual to succeed in life.   
        Other advantages of studying the subject of one's choice is that it sets an example to others who see you as a guide or a mentor.To illustrate my point I can give you  my own exapmle.I am working hard towards completeing my professional requirements and I see that I am setting example to all those in any profession who look up to me for advise.I am working hard inorder to help my dreams come true but at the same I am helping others to achieve their goals in life by learning from my example.
        Thus, we see that it is important to learn what you love.
       