I agree with this statement on the following reasons.

First of all, I believe that it is everyone's wish and yes, responsibility to live a fulfilling and happy life. Therefore, it is quite straightforward to see that in order to have a fulfilling and happy living one should be able to do what interests him/her most. No one wants to suffer at job and the best cure and prevention measure for "on-the-job sufferings" is doing what it is one is interested in doing.

Additionally, the whole existence of hobbies support my view: there are clearly things that people have to do, and things that people prefer to be doing given they have the time and resources for that. I personally think that if you can make a career and money out of your hobby - you're a happy man. We all know of people who work full-time and in evenings participate in theater production or write science fiction. I think that if such people could pursue their passion whole-heartedly, i.e. if they could devote as much time to their hobbies as they spend for their day-time jobs they would eventually succeed, create something interesting and worthwhile, other people would see value in that, and an opportunity to make money on that and build a career would arise.

Some of the great examples of successful careers come from people's hobbies: Bill Gates quit Harvard to follow his passion with computers and became the richest person in the world. Many of the world-famous actors, musicians. writers, athletes and businessmen were actually trained in something else. I think that their success came from following their passion devotedly, while developing all the necessary skills along the way, but not from being prepared for a certain job.

Also, from my experience and observations I have found that one single biggest factor which can predict a person's future success in a certain field is his/her interest and motivation. It is the person's interest and motivation that define aptitude for the job rather than some character traits or the amount of formal training recieved. The necessary character traits and skills will come to and develop in those people who are eager to learn; and people who are most eager to learn and develop are the ones who have that motivation and drive. 

Therefore I strongly support the view that it is more important to choose to study subjects one is interested in than to choose subjects to just prepare for some job. 