This issue is a very disputable one and can be considered from several perspectives. According to one point of view, the role of  studying is to help a person prepare for his/her future career. However, looking from another perspective, one should be able to study the subjects one is interesed in in order to discover what he/she is chooses to do in his/her professional life. Taking both sides in consideration, I believe that for a person that already knows which career he/she wants to pursue is more useful to prepare for it by studying only the subjects that help he/she prepare for that specific job. Furthermore, there are several reasons for this option that I will briefly mention. 

Firstly, assume that you know that you want to pursue a career in marketing. In such a situation, wouldn't it be preferable to study only subjects related to marketing and not to take astronomy classes, which, by the way, also interest you? By taking only marketing classes you have the possibility to learn more about it from several perspectives.

Secondly, this approach is suitable especially for undergraduate or postgraduate studies. That is, in high school I agree to the idea that it is better to study subjects that interest you in order to learn more about them and decide in which subject you want to deepen your knowledge. However, in the higher education the perspective should be reconsidered. To exemplify this, let's assume that in university one takes 60 ECTS out of the 120 credits by studying subjects from several subjects. He/she may be allowed to finish its undergraduate studies, but how prepared for a job would that person be? He would not have the necessary knowledge in marketing, but will have additional knowledge in astronomy that is unuseful for that position.

Thirdly, by taking only subjects that prepare one person for a career offers the opportunity to aquire almost all the necessary skills during the study years. By getting used to the terms, the tasks and the situations that one person will confront in its future professional life already from university, the transition phase to the real life will be enhanced. That is, the person might not have to work for one or two years as a trainee or as an intern before being able to perform in a real job. 

Nevertheless, this can speed the process of a career development for a person. Think of a 22 year old graduate who starts a trainship of 2 years before being permanently hired in the company. After starting on an entry level, he/she will need 1 or even 2 years more before being appointed on a higher position. At the same time, in the same company, a graduade specialized in marketing is from the start being appointed as a marketing assistant. In such a case, the person who has already had some specialized knowledge in marketing has more opportunities to advance more quickly in his/her career. 

To sum up, taking all these arguments into consideration, I believe that it is better for a person to choose subjects that prepare him/her for a career rather than take several subjects that interest him/her. This helps that person to deepen her/his knowledge into the specific subject, to be appointed on a higher than entry level position and to advance faster in her/his career .
