	As the time goes, many people decide to go to colleges to expand their knowledge. Most people choose their subjects to study in the college relying on their interests; however, some does rely more on a job or career in order to make more money. It is essential that people need to decide their depth of studies depending on their interests rather than money, fame, and position of the society. If people depend more on fame and money, they will not have self-esteem and happiness of their life. The following example illustrate this claim: Thomas Edison, Galileo Galilei and the reason I chose my major as a marketing.
	First, Thomas Edison, a famous scientist, did not even graduate from the elementary school due to expelsion. He rather studied what he was interested than what he was required to study. Later, he invented one of the essential materials, a light bulb. If Thomas Edison were to study what he was required, he would not invent the light bulb.
	Moreover, Galileo Galilei opposed the earth is not the center to universe. Though church nobles forced him to stop studying and publishing the books, which supported his ideas, he kept working on what he was interested in. Later, he proved that the sun is the center to the universe, not the earth. Although his idea was not approved to people who lived in Galileo's time periods, his idea supported Columbus to find America later.
	Lastly, I was interested in sports areas since I have participated in many sports teams when I was younger and decided to study about sports. Yet, my parents strongly disagreed that my future should not be related with sports because it has a less chance to be succeed in life. They wanted me to become a lawyer as my father, instead. Nevertheless, my parents could not overcome my eagerness of sports. Though I might have a hard time to have a successful life my father has, I want myself to enjoy what I interested in.
	To sum up this illustration, people should rely on what they interested in than others because becoming a billionair with a good job does not always bring people to happiness. It is better that people to earn less money with more happiness. Once people enjoy their job, they will work harder, which has a better opportunities to become successful. Therefore, people should choose to study subjets they are intereted for their happiness and self-esteem.