	Many naturalists have been pondering the quesiton of how migrating birds accurately navigate long journeys. There are three different theories that could answer this question, although each of them have limitations.
	The first one is the navigation of birds refering to the Sun and the stars. This theory states that birds that migrate by day orient their flights relative to the Sun's east/west path across the sky, and by night by locating the North Star. However, stars and the Sun are sometimes covered up by clouds or are somehow not very visible. At those situations birds can still find their way to fly home or to migrate. Therefore this theory is not the only one that show how birds navigate.
	Another theory claims that birds memorize landmarks and can find their way at places that they know and remember from previous times. The theory therefore implies that a bird would be totally lost if it finds itself in a place it has never been before. Experiments have proven, however, that birds when released at an unknown place to them, can still find their way home and the migration path. Birds do not rely only on their memorization in order to navigate.
	Lastly, the third theory demonstrates that birds uses an internal compass to align themselves with the magnetic field of the Earth. They possess, at their beaks, crystals og the mineral magnetite that are magnetic. By using the Magnetite, birds sense the direction of the pull on the crystals in order to find their way. However, an internal compass is not enough for a bird to navigate. The bird would not be able to go to its destination because the compass does not tell how far does it have to travel to reach its destination and where it started from.
	These three theories do support on how to approach the quesiton of how birds navigate, but each of them do not fully cover the whole question. Each theory has its limitations, therefore it is hard for naturalists to know how exactly birds navigate. Researchers are still focusing on this question.
