  Actually, after finishing high school and before getting into the universities, students are often troubled by the question of whether they should choose a subject they like or a subject which let them have a higher chance in getting a better job. In my opinion, your interest in the subject is more important, because of a number of reasons.

  Firstly, choosing subject to preparing for job or career is not a wise choice. In fact, from our understanding, most of the people will work in a job which is not related to their study. Moreover, market environement in this modern society changes rapidly. It is simply hard to predict which job will give you a better career. For example, ten years ago, Information Technology (IT) was hot, and a lot of people chose to enroll in departments like Computer Science and Electrical Engineering. Everything just went well, until the IT bubble bursted. The IT professionals lost job. In short, job opportunities in different fields is just hard to determine beforehand.

    Secondly, you will be motivated to study hard, if you choose a subject that you like. In fact, you will feel more energatic to study in the subject, your performance would be better. Eventually, you may get a higher GPA and find a better job. On the other hand, if you choose a subject that you are not interested, but choose it simply for the sake of job preparation, you may get bored with the classwork and lectures. Eventually, your motivation declines and your grades fall. With this poor academic result, how can you find a good job?

    Moreover, the idea of choosing subjects based on interest conform with my idea of living. In fact, some people love earning a lot of money and building up their personal prestige and glory.  However, I believe life is a wonderful experience and should be enjoyed. By studying a subject you like, it is just like a gift from God. Actually, I love studying Maths. Everytime, when I am able to solve a difficult equations, I will be very happy. In short, studying a subject you like is a form of enjoyment.

    In conclusion, I think that we should based our choice of study subjects on interest, rather than job preparation. The idea of taking subjects for job preparation is simply unwise due to the unpredictability of the market conditions in the future. Studying a subject based on interest let you perform better and enjoy a happier life.