	A student studying subjects that he or she is more interested in seems to always enjoy the process of learning more than a student that studies a subject just to prepare for a job or a career. I think that it is more important to choose to study subjects that you are interested in, because when you study for a subject that you like, you actually enjoy doing it.
	First of all, To study for a carreer later in life is very difficult, especially when one is not fully interested in the subject that one chooses for a carreer. Although most of the time one chooses to have a career of one's interest, some people choose a carreer because they think it will benefit them the most in the future. It is, however, extremely hard to do what you are forced to do. Some students at my school have proven through their grades that they do not tend to do well on subjects that they really need in order to get in a top medical school, business school, etc. Everyday, they are stressed about that class and they work the whole night in order to have a good grade on their next test. I personally think that if one knows that the subject was not their strength but rather their weakness, then students should rather take another class that they like, and perhaps, change their view for their future career. I would not be able to spend the rest of my life facing a job that I really do not feel comfortable with.
 	Studying subjects that I am interested in makes me live my life happier. When I enjoy something I do, I do not feel like what I do is what I am forced to do. When I study what I like, I tend to be very passionate about it and start learning and exploring even more than what the class requires. Also, studying what I like makes me want to have some further and deeper understanding of the subject. For example, I am really enjoying my choir classes at school. Some student take choir as a class only because they think that it is an easy class and that they are guaranteed to receive an A in that class. I, however, take choir because I think that I would not be able to survive a school day without it. Not only choir class gives me a break on a hard, tiring academic day, but it also makes me want to keep singing for the rest of my life. For four years I have been in choir and each year I have shown, according to my teacher, great improvements. I am amazed myself of how much I have improved. Sometimes I ask myself: "Would I be able to become a Soprano leader if I have not been so passionate about singing, or if I have not been seen singing most of the time?"
	Therefore I think that to study a subject that I appreciate is more important than choosing a subject to prepare for a job. Doing what you like is the most important because you are the one controlling your own life. Why would you not do what you love when it is you that is living your life?
	