       It is indeed a very complicated issue because it entails the future of any student at any age. 
The issue of deciding to choose and start a career is highly important specially in the first years of education, teachers, parents and people that influence the students.  As we all know the  first contact with children in at home, and from here and from here parents should start to recognize the child's behavior and intellectual capabilties. This can be very effective later during the preschool and kindergarden years.
        Parents can contribute by signaling teachers about how to teach their children, and as we know it is prefered to choose what the student is most interested in. This approach is what we call student centered, and it works in the premise that all students should learn based on immediate interests. This coupled with the combination of the curruculum and methods, in other words these teachings  must be alligned with what the student preferably is interested in learning.
       Given these conditions and the appropriate environment the learning will take place. To me this is the best way since it addresses what the student may wish to accomplish latter in life, and it will become a life long and useful education.
       Choosing subjects that will just prepare students for a career or just to acquire a job may not be as rewarding and most of the time frustrating for people. This fact in my opinion must be stressed in the early school years of children, all resources must be utilized to make students understand that the decisions they make today will probably affect them the rest of their lives.
       Choosing the study subjects needs the participation of parents, teachers, school counselors and admistrators. Advising even in early school years should be implemented in all schools for the sake of the children's future.
       It is our responsibility to make our children understand that these choices need to take place now and as soon as possible. There should not be a problem accomplishing these goals when we live in the most advanced country in the world and where we have unmeasurable resources.
     Finally we must comply with the resposibility that the rest of the world is counting on us to do and perform research to     
             