People seldom agree with each other in such issues. It is a little bit haste to say that to choose the subjects one is interested in is more important than to choose subjects which is a preparation for a job or career.

Choosing interesing subjects has many benefits. First of all, it is said that interest is the best teacher. The proverb is useful in many area, especially in studying. If we choose an subject we like, we will prefer to study it, enjoy the process of studying and try our best to know every detail of the subject. For example, Economics is my favorate subject, but my major is civil engineering. I select some economics courses and civil engineering courses. During the studying, I found that I study economics much better than my major. In addition, no one knows exactly what subjects will be good for his future job. Since nowadays the world becomes more competitive, no one guaratees that he/she will do the job whose knowledge is just related to his studys at school. Some people will change the major after he/she enters the society. Since our future is uncertainty, why should we choose many kinds of subjects, especially that we are interested in.

On the other hand, choosing subjects that prepares for our future career also has many advantages. At present, many company needs the candidates who are greatly qualified. For instance, a computer company prefers to have the candidates who can use computer very well and also have a high level of English. The students who want to enter the company, therefore, should choose special courses, such as English and Computer Science. Furthermore, time is limited. The number of the subjects we can select is limited too. So in order to get a job you dreams, you should concentrate on certain courses which is a help for you aim directly. 

In conclusion, it is hard to determine which way is better. It seems that different ways is proper for different people and different environment. The most important thing is that one should know which is his/her preference. To be honest, considering my preference and my circumstances, I tend to choose the first way. Please notice that it is just my selection, not yours.