The statement in the direction is a long-term consideration of many people including me. Some people will argue that it is more important to choose to study subjects you are interested, I, however, after thinking about it on many occations, decide to stand up against this view for the following reasons.

The first and the most important reason for my oppsing the idea is that, no matter how long we can stay in campus, we must enter the secoiety and do the things useful for it,  when we finish our studys. so we can do our best to the nation or the secoiety if we learn the knowledges that are prepare for the job or career we do. To illustrate, our country is a developing one, she need more advanced informations about all aspects, such as the communcating, airgraph researching, and the nuclear power study, so when i choose the subjects, i will willing to study the electricial communcating technology in order to know much of the current situation of our contry's and study hard to improve the level of this area of our nation.
Thus, if you want to become a person who is useful for the future of the nation, choose the subjects that are relative with you job or career.

Another reason for my disagreement is that choosing the subjects to prepare for a job or career you do later is also the best choice for yourself. For instance, you learn the knowledges that can be used in your job in the future and be good at them, as a result, you will do the best you can during your daily working or completing the assignment that you leader wants you to do. So, you will gain the benefits both meterial and mental. you will earn the enough money for the comforable life and the people rounding you will willing to get together will you whether working or playing.Consequently, choosing the subjects to prepare for a job is good for person also. 

Therefore, I will conclude by saying that choosing to suday subjects that are relative with the job or career you do in the future is the better choice for  college students. Both for the nation and the person's benefits.

 