I remember one of my high school teachers mentioning to us in class that " we are what we choose to be". And so far going by my experiences I strongly believe in that statement. I think it is important to choose the subjects that one is interested in rather the ones that would prepare for a job or career. However, I also think that some times both these choices can become one and the same if a person chooses to take up a job in a field he/she is interested in.

At different stages of life we need to make choices, we need to make decisions to keep moving forward. One such important decision is to choose the career one wants to pursue.  In some cases we tend to choose a career path just because of peer pressure or parental pressure or societal pressure, and hence the subjects to study in preparation for that job. One might end up choosing those subjects just because he/she was told to do so or may be because it has a good future in terms of stability or good salary. This might not be the field the person actually likes. In such cases I think there will always be a sense of dissatisfaction in the person that he/she is doing something they are not interested.  Eventually it might lead to dissatisfaction at some stage. Choosing subjects for sake of taking up a job or career might result in learning them at a superficial level without much interest. The person might try to learn only to the extent it is required to perform well in the job, hence might not gain a good grasp on the subjects. This could also have some part eventually in disliking the job.

On the other hand, in my opinion if a person chooses to study something out of interest, it will eventually lead to self satisfaction which is the primary source of happiness. If studying out of interest, the person might put a lot of effort in learning about the subject and try to gain deeper insights into the subjects. This apart from leading to self satisfaction will also result in strong fundamentals in the subjects.  There is a lot of difference between a Ph.D student who takes up his research to get a good job and Ph.D student who takes up the subject out of interest. The latter student displays more passion in his research compared to the first one. All great inventions/discoveries have come out of great research, they have come out of people who diligently followed their passions and interests. Peo

