Altough it is important to choose to study subjects one is interested in, such choice can not be based solely on the amount of pleasure one can derive from the study. It is also important to evaluate if that subject can provide you with relevant professional knowledge or skills.

Therefore, to the extent possible, one should always try to choose subjects that fulfill both objectives. However, my opinion is that whenever one has to choose between mutually exclusive subjects to study, one must use a pragmatic approach and go for the subject  which can lead to better a job or carrer.

This opinion is generally considered to be selfish and people genrally think that studying subjects you are not interested in just to be able to find a better job is a sure way to lead a unhappy life. What those people generally ignore is that choosing the other path - studying subjects that give you pleasure but can not help you find a good job - can be even more frustating.

Also, those who defend that pleasure should come first on choosing study subjects, even at the risk of not being able to find a good job latter, ignore three important traits of human behavior.

First of all, human beings are social creatures. When considering and choosing the things that give us pleasure, we tend to consider the pleasure of those we live with. When we choose a job that gives us pleasure but no financial return, we are ignoring the well-being of those we live with. That is because even if you can derive a lot of pleasure from your job or carrer, it is a lonely pleasure. We must consider, however, that there are other sources of pleasure in life, such as having enough money to travel, buy things to improve your life and your material confort and giving your family (and eventually your kids) a better life. If you have a job or carrer you dislike but it provides you with financial means to do that, you will problably lead a happier life than you would if you had a nice job or carrer but lives on a tight budget, since you can not share ypur source of pleasure  achievements with other people. Second, people who choose the pleasure over a good job or carrer in the future only consider their present set of preferences, ignoring that such preferences can change over a long period of time. Finally, they ignore human hability to adapt, which makes it possible that we can start to like our job or carrer, even if we do not derive pleasure from it, as long as ir ptovides us with the material conditions to pursue other sources of pleasure.

Those are the reasons that support my opinion that thinking of getting a good job or carrer should direct your choice of which subject to study.

  