   In the competive world we find ourselves, it is more important to choose subjects that prepare you for a job or career than to choose to study subjects you are interested in especially subjects that would not give you the skill sets to find jobs or have a career because of the following reasons.

   If not all employers but most employers are looking for graduates whose background fits well into what the company is doing and what the potential employee will be doing for the company. As such employers hire people who will be able to meet company deadlines  or departmental deadlines as a result only people with certain skills set and tools will be hired. Mostly these people are the ones who have trained themselves for the job market. For example it would be difficult given the current demand for company bottom line, for people with Latin language skill sets to be hired in a fanancial institution especially when there are potential people out there with finance skills set.

    Furthermore people who chooses subjects that prepares them for a job or a career are easily hired and stay longer in their careers than those who study a subject because they like it especially a subject that has no bearing in today's economy. For example someone studying Latin to work in a knowledge base economy. While a person who chooses to study medicine and becomes a medical doctor will be easily hired by a hospital than an anthropologist and the medical doctor will stay longer in the field of medicine than someone who is not train to be a doctor.

     Moreover in deciding to study subjects that will prepare you for a particular job or career goes a long way to tell people that you are responsible and will succeed in life. As such your student loan will be paid on time as compare to some who has not prepare himself or herself for the job market. In addition employers and other people beside your employer will feel that you know what you want and you are a stable, mentally and physical person.

    Even though it is good to study subjects that you are interested in and there are good sides to it, for example it gives people personal statisfaction, it would be wise to study subjects that will make you productive in the market place or at least interested in subjects that are marketable.
 