There are many theories regarding the amazing navigational abilities that birds have. Many scientists have discussed theories about how birds can effectively fly. The main discussion topic has been the navigational skills that birds have. 
	Some theories have been presented by scientists, and these theories have been tested. Some of them gave results that matched what was expected.
	One theory presented is that certain celestial reference points, such as the North Star, or the Sun, serve as a references for birds, and they end up usin these points to head to the direction that they migrate in. For example, the North Star would serve as a reference for birds to migrate directly north, and the Sun would orientate their path by being either east or west of the bird`s flight path. An argument against this theory, however is that in an ocassion where the light of the Sun, or of the star would not be visible, the birds would not be able to migrate. It has been proved however by means of tests that they do in fact migrate even on cloudy days.
	Another theory presented is one that states that the ability of birds to navigate so well comes from their great memory. Studies have been led, that proved that the hippocampal region of the brain in birds is very effective. On eargument against this theory, however, is the hypothetical situation of a bird being taken to a place where it had never been previously, and it finding it[s way home. This was also tested, and the bird did find his way to it`s nest even when he did not recognize the land formations.		
	A third theory was presented stating that birds have a kind of an internal compass. This internal compass would be located in the beak of the bird, and is, according to the theory, many magnetite crystals. even with an internal compass, however, a bird would theoretically not be able to find it`s way home. More resources would be needed.
	With all of these theories, and arguments disproving them, it is hard to know the true reason for the tremendous navigational skills of birds. One could conclude that all of these skills could be used by birds.