World has come to a place or better to say time, where success has become the question of not ones interest but rather a question of respect. I mean whether one is studying engineering or he is studying anthroplogy are now not dependent on ones interest, rather which one of them is going to get him a better job. Again its not always true that person will be liking the job. Personally I would like to go for a subject that is of my interest because if I just go for something that gives me just better job opportunity, its hard to say that I would even be ending with finishing the full course.

Firstly, choosing a subject is dependent on many propspects which need to be considered like family background, market needs etc. Suppose there is a person whose family is not able to survive or even get the basic requirements of life, he has no option but to go for subject that is cheaper and would easily provide job to him. Although his family problem will be solved, but he would have always in the winch of his stomach to study subject he had been interested in and he will remain unsatisfied.

Secondly, taking a subject just because I will get a good job, may affect my performance in the subject because I have never been interseted in studying that and so at some point of time it will harm the overall grades in particular subject. It may even leave the problem unsolved and my finally lead to remain unemployed. 

Lastly, some people see some jobs as of low ranked, so instead of studying something of their interest they study something that may give them respectable job. They are finally left off with carrying a beast of burden and end up with less number their dreams fulfilled during their lifetime.

It may sound sometimes that subject one is studying is out of date and has no economical importance in terms of job, but remember nothing is obsolete and everything  has its use in one or the other sphere of life. Excelling in any field leds to success, no job is low, no matter how others may give their individual prospectives. I therefore, insist to go for a subject in which one is interested in rather going on with the ruck and go for something that will provide a better job.