	In my opinion I think that it is much more important to choose a study subject which you relate to, and which you enjoy studying than to choose a study subject which is only chosen with the intent of preparing for a job or a career.
	 By choosing a subject of interest, you will be able to work on that subject and learn about that subject with interest. It makes it so much easier to effectively study a subject when you relate to that area of study. By choosing a Major, in an undergraduate course, for example, that relates to a specific interest, one will be able to listen, read, and state his opinions with enthusiasm and passion, feeling better about the choice made.
	If the decision made is that you want to study a subject that is related to the career intended to pursue, that decision should really be well thought of. If the career is related to your personal subjects of interest, then there would be no problem. However, If a subject of study is chosen, and that study does not match what you really want to study, I think this would get in the way of one`s true passion. I would not take a risk if the decision made was not what you really wanted, but was made with base on some of the information about how the economy is going. For example, say you really wanted to be an Artist, but everyone told you Artists all end up poor, and living on the streets. So you end up being a Buisness Man, because everyone says that every Buisness Man is wealthy, and has enough money to feed more than one whole family. You will take the risk of  giving one of your passions to be in a job which you don`t really like, but on the other hand, you will have all this money.	
	One could argue that the main objective in a career is to gain as much money as possible, and therefore would choose a study subject which relates to a job which is strong in the current market. I however, believe that this is not the right path to follow. One should choose the study subject that most interests him/her, and will then be able to pursue the related career with happiness, being satisfied with the job he/her has.