I agree that it is more important to choose to study subjects you are interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career.
	First of all, if we choose a subject  to study that we are very interested in,  will help us to make a better grade in school. Also we get masterd in the subject so that when we pursue our career in the same field we will be more successful. I have an excellent example in my family. One of my cousins who was very interested in movies and acting was forced to take up pre medicine classes for his parent's satisfaction. There were not a single day that he didn't come from school complaining about the classes and his wrong decision to listen to his parents. He hated those subjects so much that the first day of his Anatomy Lab, he fainted by looking at the cadaver. Then his parents realized about his passion and let him drop those courses and take up some arts and drama classes. He finished all his classes and now is in the Hollywood, directing movies.My cousin is very succesful in his field and loves what he is doing for his living. I can't imagine him being a Doctor and fainting in the operating room. So I think its better for ourself and also for the society, that we master in something that we really enjoy doing. 
	Secondly, if we are not studying something that we really wanted to, that can affect us later in our career. We will always have a dissatisfaction in our career and that can adversely affect our performance. In this busy world everybody competes for betterment, so when we fail to keep up with the requirement, we automatically fail in our life. society expects us to do our best in return to the position what we hold dear and near. When we fail in our duties that can cause disrespect from collegues and can have a negative impact on our relationships. 
	Selfconfidence is the key to be a successful person in life. In order to have self confidence and self respect we should be able to love and enjoy what we are and what we do. This can be achieved only by mastering in the subjects that we have a passion, not forseeing a career or job in the field that we are not interested in.


