The statement that it is important to choose to study the subjects you interested in rather than the subjects to prepare for a job in career are highly debatable. In my perspective, I would rather choose to study the subjects that I am interested in than choose to study the subjects for a job preparing. In the following essay I will present resasons and examples to support my point of view.

To begin with, I do agree with the statement that studying the subjects you are interested is important because students will  do well in the class, do well in an given assignment. To illustrate, at first time when i was in undergarduate level, I am likely to concentrate my major in international business management but, in my heart, fianlly I have changed my mind in the last minute of declaration of the major I have to choose. I chose major finance because I love calculation, stock, derivative instrument, and thinghs about money. In addition, I did it pretty well. 

Furhtermore, I do concur with the statement because you will not only do well in the class but also do well in the career. For example, when i finished my bachelor degree I starts my career in  a financial institution. I do in a treasure room about the trade on the currency. I really have a great time in my career. I do very well on my job. Finally, I got a pay raise because I have so many clients that usually contact directly to me. Another, the artists , there are so many people applaud their works if they intend to do it.

On the contrary, for those who disagree to the aforementioned statement, they may think that the money is a big matter influence you to choose the subjects that you do not like. The consequence is that they may face some difficulty time bacause of the stressfullness in working field. However, they may fail to see the benefits of studying what you are interested in. These advantages are that you will do well in the university'class and do well in the future career.

In light of the above factors, I do concur to the statement that it would be better to study what you are interested in. As I mention above, the benefits of studying of what you are interest in far outweigh the advantages of studying of what will be essential in the future for a job preparation. In general, whatever you do or you will do, doing what you suit for will help you maximize your creativity and ability.