In my opinion, it is very important to live according to one's strengths and aspirations and therefore, a person should take up the subjects he is interested in rather than the subjects which seem more promising momentarily from a career point of view.

I believe that if a person likes a subject, he should go ahead and pursue the same. The reason for this is, he has a lot of interest, zeal and enthusiasm to learn the nitty gritties of the subject. He may come out with a revolutionary idea altogether as his heart and soul are in unison. He can really do wonders to it.

Furthermore, having submerged oneself in the area of interest, one gets the feeling of content, the most important thing a person yearns for in his/her lifetime. Time spent on other subjects and not on his favourite list might haunt him intermittenly throughout his life which might make him really miserable.

Let us consider an example. If a person has a zeal to be a public spearker and he takes up a job in software, just because the software is the hot thing in the job market, do we think he would be able to do justice to both himself and the job? Obviously not!! In the process, we may lose a potential great public speaker in exchange of a poor technocrat. If he would have had courage to take the right decision at the right time, both his field of interest and he, himself would have been benefitted and he would feel content throughout his life that he spent his energy towards something that he wanted. What may be very interesting and important from career point of view today may become obsolete and the ones who have had entered in that area because of their interest and not because of the trend would be able to survive. Therefore, it is always better to learn the subjects a person is interested in not only to find an employment initially but to remain employable all the times.

"A handful of motivated and committed people can change the face of world". These people have the courage to think differently and do it consistently after taking risk. History has seen many visionaries, who dared to think and because of their passion, they were not only able to live their dreams but were also able to transform the world around them. One such contemporary living legend is Bill Gates. Had he also thought about taking up the courses or challenges which a normal person thinks wise and would not have gone forward with his dream, we would still be living in DOS age.