	Isn't it true that it is more crucial to study the subjects that you like rather than subjects that lead to your careers? In my opinion, I believe it depends on how crucial is defined. If crucial means to be able to do the thing that you like and make your life more happy, I am totally agree that it's more crucial to take the subjects you are interested in. The following essay will examine in details the reasons why choosing to study subjects that you like are more important than subjects that prepare for your career. 
	The first apparent reason is that everyone is more likely to perform better in things they like. This is also true for the studying. Many researches has shown that students are getting better grades in the subject they are interested than in those they don't. Students pay more attention to clasess they like. They express more willingness to learn thus score better. In the opposite if students just choose classes for career's preparation and has no interest in the subject at all, they are more likely to get lower grade than in classes they are interested. This clearly explains why choosing subjects that they like are more important.
	Consequently when students do better in the class they are interested, this leads them to the career path they could go to. Students that love arts, get better score at arts, can pursue the career in arts. This forms the relationship that the subjects student like lead to the career that the could be. 
	However, this case could not happen vice versa. For example, Joe wants to be an economist so you take economic classes to prepare you for the career. Nevertheless, Joe doesn't interested in Economics at all and he would like to be an economist only because of his parents' desire. Unfortunately, Joe cannot get good grades in Economic's classes because he  does not interested in them enough. This then will not easily  lead Joe to career in Economics as he will not be able to compete agaist other in the job market. This example apparently demonstrates that choosing the subject for your career may not be the right decision.
	To conclude, it is more important to choose to study the subjects that you like rather than to prepare for future career as it will lead to better grade and eventually suitable jobs.
	