I disagree with the statement that studying according to one's interests is more important that studying with focus on a career.

Never before in history, personal development, happiness, and self-realization have been emphasized as much as today.  Also, there have never been as many personal choices and possibilities. While in centuries past, women were destined to take up their roles as mothers and housewives, men often had to take over their fathers' trades. This has fortunately changed over the course of the last century. The planning of one's future profession is now a more autonomous decision. But a draw-back of all this newly found freedom is that more people depend on an external job market to find employment and have a career.

While it may be more satisfying from the student's point of view to study something that meets the student's own interests, future employers have an interest in finding employees that meet the requirements of a job description. It is of no concern for an employer whether an applicant loves the fine arts and is a trained artist if the employer is not looking for an artist.

Also, it is quite common that people change their careers over the course of their lives. The most important initial goal to pursue is financial independence. This is best achieved with receiving training in a field that is in high demand. Then, further down the road, the job market may change. In our times of highly valued continued education, it is not hard to pursue a different degree on nights or weekends, or even through the internet at one's own pace. All this can then be accomplished while enjoying a secure income.

Finally, sometimes a personal interest is an excellent hobby that can serve to balance the work life. Going back to the example of the artist, art as a hobby is in my opinion much more enjoyable as a hobby without the pressure to sell. Should the hobby artist come to fame and start to make a fortune (which is not very likely as we all know), a switch to a full-time art career can be made at that time without the first frugal years.

