     There are some people who say taht it is more important to choose to study subjects they interested in than to choose subjects to prepare for a job or career, and I agree with this idea. There are three reasons to support my opinion. First of which would be that it is more interesting. Second one is that it would save time for study. Third one is that it brings more useful skills or abilities. 
     When we are in something we like or interested in, such as sports, playing games, or other things, there are happy and comfortable feeling. Form this feeling or emotion, people do these things more hard and often. I think same things would happen for study. People would feel exciting or interest in studing something they interested in. As a result of this, their study would get well developed and being successful.
     Study on subject which we interested in would causes save of time becasue there are no need to study on other subject which are unnecessary to get jobs or carrers which they interested in. Therefore, people would able to spend their time for study which they want, and use it more effectively. 
     In study of interested sublect or things, there are opportunities to get useful skills and abilities. Those are needed to get interested jobs or carrers in the futurer, and saved time form it gives people the time to get those abilities instead of getting unuseful or uneffective knowleges or time. For example, if a person interestd in fine art, the person would needs skills for painting or time for growing creative sense instead of memorizing geographic mattter of calculating sine cosine and tanjent. As a result of getting useful skills or abilities, people would able to get jobs or carrers which they interested in. 
     In conclusion, there are some advantages for only sudying on we interested in such as comfortable time for study, saving time, and getting useful skills or abilities. Since these things, I agree with the idea suggesting that choosing to study subject we are interested  is more important thatn studying prepare for a job ot carrer.   