There are many choices of subjects for a student. They can choose to study subjects they are interested in, but they can also choose subjects to prepare for a job. As for me, I would like to choose subjects considering my wish for a specific job in the future. There are many reasons why I prefer this way.
First, everyone has to find a job, sooner or later. A job is a very important thing in your life and you cannot just take it easy. It is a serious matter that can influences your whole life. Therefore, you should prepare carefully for it. And the best way to do so is to choose subjects that are closely related to the field you will work in so that you can possess adequate knowledge in order to do well in your future career. 
Second, choosing subjects to fulfil your own interest is not a good choice. You may feel that it is a lot of fun to study in those subjects now, but as long as you get bored with them, you will find that the your whole studying process in these subjects have been a great waste. Just imagine how much knowledge you can receive if you had chosen other subjects. So it is similar to a situation in which first you shout excitedly at " Oh , it's really cool" at some new product and decided to spend a lot of money to buy it. However, after some days of using it you shout again, this time with a sign of anger and regretfulness, " What a waste! How foolish I was to buy this rubbish! I could have bought a lot of useful things with the money I threw into this stupid product ". I must say that this is a very common situation many people encounter.
So, choosing a job is not so easy as people might think. You have to think carefully before going on to pick a suitable choice. I would suggest that everyone choose subjects for the sake of their own life, not their own enjoyment. In short, if you choose subjects you are interested, prepare to follow your wish and risk your career. If you choose subjects for your career, I believe a bright future ahead is waiting for you.